So you can talk about these action networks, action models, so action comes from stipulation, and action comes after the clearing, but all the networks, all the narratives, all the paths, in any network, in action, karmic, or other kind of perspective network, anything, if they have the continuity, they have a continuity depending on anxiety. So if a complex structure, who is the, let's say, community of the structure, or let's say, the, what do you call the service, service expert of this complex structure, what they do is when somebody in a flow, so they are in a flow, The mechanism is somebody in that flow is trying to do something, and they do something bad, they go negative, and they do something good, they go positive, and if they go negative, they don't have the positive, and now they go negative, this is like double loss. And now, in every network, this becomes a, I mean, every perspective becomes a base of next, next path, next thing of the narrative. Because of this, if the bad is the base, then the result of the bad is the base of next movement, and your next movement will be dependent on the bad thing to remove the result of the bad thing or whatever way. And for positive, you bring more and more positive unless the positivity goes through cycles, you get negativity. It is hard to come out, yet they also get through cycles, but the point is, this is how human beings or any kind of flow works, because it's a flow, just a mechanism of flow, the flow works because of the narrative having continuity and path based on the, based on being the base of next action.

So based on this importance of the base, like base means something is some perspective or some node in the network or the path becoming a base. And our next action, now this base has a power, the power is its importance, how important and how much pride it's giving and how important it is for the learning, for the next learning, and how strong the importance is. And this is what we call learning importance. But depending on this importance, now this base is making attachment. So this is learning attachment. Attachment is happening with people, with these sources, with anything that makes the base strong, that makes a strong base or weak base, it makes a strong or weak love too, or weak attachment to the thing. And depending on the nature, now we can go through like this four kind of attachment coming from psychology, which is disorganized, disorganized, connected, and disorganized, avoidant, then organized, connected, unorganized, avoidant. I think I'm forgetting these four types, but can you make sure?

So let's think about the whole universe and the whole system as the interaction framework, interaction system, and everything happens because of interaction. And that means that all the sources, if it is you, you are internal and everything else is external sources. So they can recommend you actions to follow and they can become the source for your next learning base. So what you get is attachment to us then. And that's the fundamental of it.

So actually what happens when somebody getting attachment towards a resource or external thing, this attachment is actually an acknowledgment, a pretty acknowledgment to anything that system says. Not anything, but in many cases, we pretty acknowledge things that are coming from the system. So that's overallly, I believe, the system, you can say, but this happens naturally and that's why the stronger the pride, the stronger the acknowledgment, the stronger the importance, the stronger the acknowledgment. If the acknowledgment is really good, it's actually doing in the learning processing phase after the acknowledgment is creating more and more attachments. The processing phase is not just about learning itself, it's also about how to evolve the learning techniques, how to evolve this love or attachment to that thing. So there's a few things going on with it. And attachment to the resources are really, really, really important because of this interaction system, because that creates more and more continuity and it is a direction because attachment gets the power to select the next perspective you will learn. That's the power that attachment has unless you are aware that attachment is selecting the path for me. And that's the job of pride and status in the society. The people trying to give you a solution and give you a path to move from the situation you are so that they can have more and more attachment and influence over your own network of actions.

But it's not always what human thinks, because attachment is a like a cheating mechanism kind of, it becomes a cheating mechanism for recommended flow. Because actual people are pushing your recommended flow so that they can benefit from your flows. Because it is all kind of, let's say, if people are trying to give you really good things, good solutions, yet it's coming from their recommendation, now they got the opportunity to make use of it, manipulate this, and make you fall for things that they desire and not make you feel fall for things that make you superior than them. That's very fundamental way of how human beings interact in normal life.

So when a system provider, the structure provider thing, because they have a pride also, now they are also learning that people are following their recommendation, and sometimes it happens that their pride get speculated, becomes hubris, and at that point, also when people are aware that, okay, people are going through their learning cycle, and they are aware that the system is actually undermining them, the system is actually manipulating them, and recommending the flaws and using them, or even hurting their own personal narrative, which is one of the biggest point where people have this grudge, Z-R-U-D-G-E, grudge, I mean grudge, okay? Hybrids and grudge. People have to have this gravity in the system, in the provider, or against the recommender. This is how we actually now move on in the society, and this becomes a collapse of the society in that collapse of the system or the provider.

This collapse is a collapse of social contract. And when collapse of social contract means the relationship and acknowledgement is not there anymore, and when that happens, the system fails.