So this is not gonna happen because the learning is there are many phases because acknowledgment, yeah, there's literally this. Okay, okay, I'm not feeling good now, so let me restart again. So actually, in my model, things happen differently, not just one way. So one of the ways is about how acknowledgment happens is by acknowledgment happens by feelings, by emotional feelings, by hormonal discharge. So that's why it's a crazy way that some good actions, some new thing, something shiny, something that triggers or clicks your brain can make you acknowledge that thing that goes inside your brain, goes inside you and suddenly goes inside, like all your logic can be flawed, can be, all your logic can be disrupted and dismantled. And that's what I've tested so many times in my early life that I could pick one thing that would dismantle every logic, not every logic, but most, the logic that people is running and the people would get frozen and they would not be able to sleep at night. So then what can be, that what happens? So acknowledgment, it is not acknowledgment. It is a perception. How do you call calling is acknowledgment right now? It's actually a perception clicking the desire. If a perception of information is clicking the desire, that desire, now the desire of higher layer that knows or that is already being created in the real time, that desire is being created so that the desire can be now supporting the pulling of the system that already being believed. So it is triggering and thinking and liking a thing because that liking is now creating the whole new information that's going into the learning technique base, being manipulated and reshaped to support the person's own personal narrative to be acknowledged. So acknowledgement happens through learning cycle, is a really good way that it doesn't let you to learn that you don't unwanted thing. But acknowledgement through feelings and hormonal discharge and liking are actually manipulative and harmful. It can be.