So, awareness actually means that you are aware of the cycles and physics perspectives. Main problem, but that is not that... So, main thing is, actually, people get aware of the network. So, awareness means you are aware of the network that you are in. So, that network of perspectives can be a bubble. So, it can be created so people would understand a network yet they would not get the truth because you can create a bubble network with perspectives with generalization. Generalization means removing perspectives and creating a perfect perspective that works for that your control structure. And that's why awareness engineering is about creating bubble universe of perspectives and in that perspectives, people living in, thinking that this is the truth. So, that kind of awareness engineering can happen really, really good.

Yeah. Yeah, that's why it's a tricky question. That's why you never know what is reality. That's why you cannot. But okay, the only way to understand is that, okay, intentionalism versus unintentionalism. So when there is intentionalism in a network, and when there is a implied unintentionalism in a network, you would know that this system is working good or bad. Otherwise, there is no other way to say that who is what. As we know, there could be any kind of engineering, even energy farming that we do not know, do not have proof, yet we have some idea. But let's just say that existence or non-existence, any kind of idea, let's say if there is a truth about energy farming and false light system, that would be an example of awareness engineering. Or also, even science can be awareness engineering because science, scientific people are really aware of the system, yet let's say you create a bubble of a science where things are really off the table. You can do that. Even with many other kinds of work. Like in every possible situation, you can do awareness engineering.