so a character is a heavy system. A character is actually coming up, becoming all the flows. So if you have all the flows, all the flows written for you are, let's say, actualized for you, now your system is running all the flow. So all the flows are running you and all your actions are happening in autonomous way. So that's why you are not questioning your flows. Your character is not going to be questioned. So that's how your character is. But what you do is when you think of as a whole thing, all element, so all those flows becoming all elements, that's you, that's your character. And that's a big thing yet has to be done. So a character is actually a similar work like a main flow, because when you're creating a main flow, you're creating it in the article is in the fly, so in the air. So it's not existent, you're creating it all the time. So how you create your character is mostly by defining your vibe, your full body vibe. So full body vibe is very extremely important point here, because your whole body has many expression points, and all has to be directed to one singular action, one singular perspective. You have to build one singular perspective to act. That's why the main flow gives to be the highest perspective that has all the perspective all your flow has. Otherwise, your main flow would be confusing, would be doubting itself, so it is not possible to be a flow without being the main flow of the highest. So it would be normal. So now what would happen is that a person would actually draw his character, try to character on his vibe, that's why vibe comes after character. So now you can easily manipulate a person's character. You just point out that this is your character, and that person would say, okay, am I that or am I not that? And they'll be confused because they do not know that the flows has to be now find out, has to be looped for with awareness. So their flows would be hidden, but now they have to be looking at it. So they don't know what is my actions, so what is my character now? So people say, okay, you are this, labeling this. So that's character engineering. Labeling is character engineering, and labeling would be creating huge problems because character is a continuous system, and a character is not a defined system, a character is an acting system. So it's a speculation system. So now the character is trying to act with vibe, and all the vibe you have has to be supporting on perspective. When it's supporting on perspective, the action is desiring to work. becomes the purpose in the moment. So when somebody is defining or somebody is telling, this kind of people is this character, this kind of people is this character, this kind of people is this character, their real-life action, where it requires a vibe, would not be able to work because that vibe now is getting a recommended flow to learn, yet it is a very, what do you call this, unintentional phase. Now, because it is an intentional and unintentional combination phase, otherwise you cannot create a vibe and you cannot be creating a vibe because your labelling and your action doesn't work, your actual character doesn't match. So how do you get it? You get a scattered vibe. Because you get a scattered vibe, now you are gonna create a scattered purpose. So the reality would not be rendered based on your purpose because your vibe is not giving the reality a single step to action. It is being scattered.

The flow is already predicting the character. All the flows are predicting the character. So character is like a main flow. Character is like a main flow. And that's why you get the story after character, because that your story has the continuity. So now, can we talk about other things?