Well, the decision is coming from desire. So desire is really making the decision for you. It's clicking something. When it's clicking on something, you're liking something, you're actually saying, oh my God, I'm going to decide to do this. So it is already driven by the desire. Yet, it just, when you are intentionally selecting, you're thinking like, okay, I'm selecting my decision here. Now, this is already driven by desire. So there is, this is not an intentional face, this is an illusional face. So now, what can you do if, let's say you have a good desire, but your good desires are, can be misinterpreted, misinterpreted by, let's say also, there can be desires created by the control structure. And now, when you are deciding, and those decisions are coming from misinterpretation of the desire, or actually misinterpreting the wrong desire, or coming from the desire that are already implied by the system or created by the system. So this is why decision is not the actual right thing. You cannot define really what a decision, because it's really tough to understand why it's coming from. Because when you are in the awareness stage, you will not see any decision. So in the awareness stage, people, when people are really aware, and they would not understand a decision coming from anywhere, because they are totally submissive to the unintentionalism. Now, they are not deciding, they are, their desire is deciding for them, and that's why their purpose is already, always changing, it's dynamically changing, they cannot selecting on anything. That's why they don't have a definitive life, they can't have a family or anything, or any other kind of intentional, materialistic life, because their purpose is now dynamic, it's not, you cannot rely on their purpose for a real world life, for a life. So that's crazy yet really fundamentally understandable.