So if you use this, let's say interacting interactions, interactions are two types, intentional and unintentional. So unintentional is real, unintentional is real time. So it's like you're acting as it should be. It's soft, it's normal. But when intention comes, it becomes dominant over soft. So unless engineered, you can't handle someone with intention to dominate or discard the talk or whisper to you. So actually you cannot handle them. So that's why if somebody has an intentional that they want to dominate, they want to dismantle your wording, they could do that and you would not be able to handle it. So, but this type of categorization is bad. I mean, this type of categorization is bad because any perspective can be categorized and by any other perspectives by showing common and uncommon analogy between them. So instead, unless we acknowledge, unless we use knowledge browsing, so knowledge browsing to think like clear rules are that you actually have. Speculations, so you have like love, it's speculated from unity, and love is speculated to ego, intention, intention to separation, separation to ego, all kind of things. So that's a speculation type, things that are in the world, and the perspectives types that everything is perspectives, and the hierarchy of those perspectives of which stands and which layer. So layer is another part of it. And then, origoid is the next phase is that, okay, that's the first, if you use this like first three, this is the first level knowledge browsing. The second level knowledge browsing is cycles, phases, and continuity, and flow. And then in the next phase, it is more things like narrative, control structure, and learning cycles, it comes down. So we got also main flow, then we got main narrative, supporting flow, supporting narratives. Those things come like slowly. So if you categorize, if you, I'm sorry, if you use knowledge browsing, and if you use those things actually, then it gets exposed, it gets better, it gets really, really good.

It is not about meaning, it's an Eastern mechanism. So somebody having an intent, intent in a conversation would, their preference, their perspectives would be dominating against the perspective, against the person who is unintentional. That's because he's soft, he doesn't have a desire to dominate or anything because he doesn't have a purpose. And now, this guy with intention has a purpose. He wants to bring something out of this conversation. That's why he would be the dominant one. By domination doesn't mean it's bad, so.

Well, in interaction, people can shut you up, and that a soft can't handle hard reaction. And first, if people are fast and if they're talking, no matter how logical you're talking, people can just bring a frequency of talk in a way, words in a way, that would break your rhythm, and they will gain power.

Yeah, so we're talking about the fundamental that people interaction have to first two fundamental mechanism is that rejection and acknowledgment. So am I gonna be acknowledging or rejecting? If I am acknowledging you, then am I gonna follow your lead or am I gonna just manipulate? Because am I gonna just say you agree yet, we talk more about this agreement. So there are like reverse engineering. So it has to be in many way a game of rejection, but more of a game of flow control. And then what it is this observability, like how much can you observe and whose flow can you control in the conversation? And how to understand the person's own flows and character, and how many flows can you pick and how many, let's say, let's say they have also a clicking desire mechanism. So any moment in the interaction, desire becomes really big because people talk by desire. Every word you bring, every word that I say, and that turns you on something and clicks some word from yourself, that's a desire thing. So the moment I know your desire, when I say something, I know what you are replying to that, so I could easily dismantle even before we talk, and that would shock people. And when you are in shock or surprised and you are shut off, you are frozen, and then I can talk whatever and you would be just following the lead.

Every word a person talks comes from a click in the desire. Otherwise, it may be so low level, it may be high level, but if somebody is observing you really good, they could tell what is your pattern. So if you have a pattern of clicking on some words in some way and it brings up some version of you, that person would know what kind of things would bring up what kind of reaction. Now, if they know if you are in the flow, then they could use that flow and give you more and more. So, that's why intelligence is about controlling flows.