So learning technique engineering, this is one of the greatest phase that public can perceive. And this is the intentional phase, that's why it is so perceivable and observable, and the people understand this part as learning, this manipulation as learning. And people cannot distinguish between actually what is learning, what is manipulating and filtering inside the brain, like using those techniques. People usually cannot differentiate between that. So what people do is think of all as learning. Even after the experience gained, people say, okay, I learned. So now, this part is critical for engineering, just because one of the first thing about engineering is that we have a care phase in the learning cycle, and that care phase have an exceptional, it is an exceptional threshold. Threshold because it can allow people how to do for the economics. So care allows us to understand what is economics.

So what we do in the learning technique phase is, I mean, sorry, I mean what we get in the KR phase is that we define what to do and what not to do because of the KR threshold. Now, this KR threshold allows us to create certain type of network of action, network of narrative, network of perspective, many kind of, but below KR phase, there are also happening that are mostly thought processing. There are thought processing, so not actual economical, economical action happening above KR phase. So below KR phase, all kinds of things are happening as a thought process. So now, below KR phase, there are many kind of what you call these, what you call this, is learning techniques phase, I mean sorry, learning cycle phases inside it, a lot of phases below KR phase, and those phases are, can be easily engineered and people would not notice. And that's what happens in a manipulation system. So what happens is that if something is above KR phase and you have a lot of, let's say, you can create a lot of action network or bubble network, any kind of bubble network, not just action. So let's say we can figure out narratives, we can figure out perspectives, but there are a lot of things we may not figure out. That what are the network of actions we are creating, and if anyone understands that there can be more hidden structure, hidden networks and bubble networks and perspective networks we are creating, yet we do not understand and know them, we are not aware of them, those can be hugely impactful in human life. Since they are hugely impactful in human life, the doubt is they get the problem that they do not know what is impacting even above care face. Even below care face, there can be many kind of networks that we perceive or may not perceive, but we run in those flows. So any kind of network can create a flow and we run in those flows. So imagine what are those flows and what kind of flows and how many flows we are running in, and what can you figure out? Those flows have huge impact, yet we are not aware. So what we do is, let's say we do understand this learning technique phase, where this engineering actually, what we do is, we actually add things, add network, add narrative or any kind of add node in the network or remove node from the network. So, this is a few type of engineering can happen. Just removing the perspective, or just adding perspective, or just removing certain type of network completely. Because there can be many type of network or flow going on, and you can remove some of them, you can keep some of them for your need. That's the purpose. And that's what I call is generalization. So imagine, when a person is going to e-school, and they are reading some text and learning those texts slowly, what happens is that they are learning generalized text that removed a lot of perspectives, added a lot of perspectives, not just that, it also removed a lot of network, lot of flows. So when you do that, you actually manipulate people. So this is how the manipulation engineering happens in the learning techniques. And this is a very grand view to look at, not a like single deciding factor. So even visually, people get overwhelmed, people cannot think beyond this system, easily, and that's what makes people PTSD, that they don't want to think about it anymore. And people lapse to escape. This is normal, that like 9% of people probably are the victim of this escapism. So, what we do is we create, create, create, we remove, remove, remove, and what we call this filtration, reshaping, reforming. So in the technique phase, we usually, this kind of mental engineering we do intentionally, this is our intentional phase, so that it fits our own personal narrative, so that it fits our agenda, and we can learn it so that we can learn the way we want. And that's why intentionalism gives us this free will to make us who we want to be. Okay?

Now here, let's say, I was struck and simple things becomes a thing because if something is not clear, something is missing, what you do is you wait and you try to connect, you try to experience things, how to connect things so that you understand what is this thing because your desire, you have already built the desire because learning at the end of every learning cycle, you build desire. Now those desires are actually creating all kind of your perception, your approach, and your learning, all the phases is going on because of the desire. The desire knows how to information to cling, how to information to select as a part of your learning. So what you do is, when you do that, you actually, let's say you are exposed to many narratives, and many kind of desires came and they do not connect each other so easily. What you do is, you cannot connect them, you become more and more numb, you become more and more slower to act. So that's a very important thing that people cannot act. Let's say,

Now listen, there are more things. More things mean they can connect with each other, but let's say there are more things going on that what you decide to learn is too many things you cannot connect. So you take a lot of time and there are more things that could not be connected so easily, maybe taking a lot of time. So you have unsatisfied desire in yourself and you cannot connect them. So this is how the experiences in the system is always going on, yet not a actual system going on because you are always finding the information in the learning technique face. Because if some desire is not there, threats going on in your list because learning technique face has a lot of threats. Every information goes through the perception. Every click from desire becomes a threat and the threat is inside your learning technique face. And now this technique process is going through many, many, many experiences to connect that part. There may be other easy parts that are easily being processed, but these parts are not easily connected, are always trying to act, always trying to act and filling your head with all those threats and you're trying to connect them. And this is how an overwhelming perceptional threshold is being crossed and people are hitting the limit and people becoming the victim of escapism here again. So That's why too many narratives, too many narratives killing the feast and killing the learning technique phase. So easily when a person is not exposed to too many narratives, they can be seen dumb. And when they are dumb, what they do is they slowly, slowly build up narrative and slowly they could explain the whole world. And they become wiser as time goes by. But people who do not, who are stuck and trying to build the narrative, or they take too many times, sometimes they uh they lead their life without making it happen. And that kind of thing is what a manipulative system would make you do, so that you are never acting, because your action on those knowledge are not gonna happen because you're always trying to uh build the narrative in the learning technique phase, but never acknowledged because it never fulfilled the desire, so never acknowledged, never pursued, never built a philosophy, so you can act on your philosophy in the intentional learning intention phase. So this is how a system can engineer.

So, what happens when this going keeps going on for a lot of time, people actually, people actually, so in the end, in the end, what people becomes is a depressing system and people cannot act. They have a lot of things they must be speculating. So they look for authentication everywhere to solve their trauma about this complexity of their desire. Now, they cannot, they cannot, because this is not perceivable by a single set of action with limited ability to access information. So what we do is, we try to learn everything we cannot, we get trauma, and what we do, you get, we look for now higher perspective, above perspective, above the perspective that would explain everything, and sometimes you look for authenticity. So in this way, people are forced down to be unintentional so they can be free of this burden and find authenticity and build new narratives from that. And when people try to do that, and they build authentic, they get slowly authentic information and they slowly build some much more awareness, awarenessful... information and network they build. So they do is, now they do try to connect every desire with this. When they try to connect every desire with this thing, this is called a speculation phase. And when the speculation happens, when the speculation happens, people get all those things together. Now their actions become so big and highly, I mean hyperactive actions, too many actions, too many things they have to solve, too many things they have to fix in action. And that's why this phase is really important because this phase creates hyperaction and too many actions, which results in the end a war-like situation. Too many things are dismantled, too many systems are dismantled, and that's why we can call it a collapse situation.

In this situation, the controller structure's job is to, if they want to sustain further, even beyond the collapse, what they do is, they let go the systems, let go the structures that will be dismantled. So they let go the system that can be dismantled, and they already try to, how do you call this, solution engineering, that they put a solution that fits the narrative of this action, of this revolutionary actions from the community of the controller structure. And what they do is, let's say a collapse is happening by the community of the many systems, eventually the whole system will collapse, but their new narrative will emerge from somewhere, from something that will direct their narrative towards it. But that may not be helpful to the controller structure. So what they would do is, they would actually build this narrative very early and drive people towards that very early before the collapse happens, so that when the collapse happens, the collapse is engineered and collapse is more controllable by the system, and the system still can persist. As they know, if the system is hiding under the main flow because the main flow is hidden, It is always possible to engineer any phase of the system, like the king of the chessboard should be always hidden. And that's why people cannot be creating a solution to our seat or problem to our seat, because it is non-existence and it is not simple. So people cannot connect things when it is not simple. So when it is not simple, people can connect things to build a narrative, and if you give the narrative, people will take that narrative. But if the system is simple, then people would use the system to build a narrative, and the system will be the base of the new narrative. So these two ways a system can persist, yet both are natural, complex or simple, both are natural, and both are the only solutions, only emergence from this thing. So that's why it is hard to dismantle a control structure if it is really, really trying to persist in the long term.

Well, well then the system goes beyond, because the system has a lot more things they can do. So, what we can do is, if now the system has a simplicity, because the simple system can now only wants to maintain the clarity they gain through, because the clarity, the clarity the system gained, it's coming, it is coming from huge trauma, authenticity, speculation, and war and action. So then now the system doesn't want to lose that clarity. So what happens, the system is reborning, reborning a first narrative. Now, this clarity system, clarity narrative is actually a new first narrative that should be handled like a baby, because this first narrative now you have to maintain, because any way the clarity is losing, people will get scared. If clarity is losing, people will get anxiety. So people would not like to lose clarity. So their perception window will be really, really low. And perception window can be really, really high, yet people will act like their perception window is really, really low, and they will take less that only can go in, so that they can persist the clarity. And that's why the system's job now is to maintain the first narrative, build the first narrative, and expose information, expose new narrative to the community. Slowly, slowly, as the community going through the full learning cycle, so slowly, slowly, the system is building and the system is going, yet only thing that creating in the system is people's diversity and their own actions and their own networks are conflicting with each other. And this will now slowly again build up the same problem. But when the system is maintaining the first narrative, it can go really, really farther until they are not the villains anymore. They are actually hidden, but yet the real villain becomes the conflicting narrative with each other. So this now brings up this anxiety phase again. People try to learn more and more because of anxiety, people have to learn more, people have to find more, and they will get more desire. And it brings up the system again.

This is a social network, social contract, and people are being together with always. So what they're doing is they're conflicting each other's networks of flow. Everybody has their own network of flow, and they have their main flow, they have their supporting flow, their narrative, their supporting narratives. And all those things, they have a first narrative. That's their own target. And when they talk, when they interact, interaction happens for taking over each other, and if it is not taking over each other, if it is sharing, still it has all kind of things like this, say, people are interacting, they have their perspective delivery, and there are delivering perspectives that are unacceptable, unlearnable by other people because there are other people's flows and their narratives are deciding, trying for other kind of other kind of perspective, not this one. So, and then they have their actions. So when, so usually the action network everybody has is in the care space. Now when the care space happening initial time in the care space, people are acting and it is conflicting with each other and people are going away from each other. So That's why the actions are making us go away from each other so that everyone can act on our own purpose and what we care about. Since now we are living together with the family, with the society, with the country, so first thing that, let's say, the family, for example, they will have this problem that nobody would be able to comprehend and stay with each other because of the conflicting of all those kind of networks they are building. So now you are choosing a person, a choosing a person to come to your life, and that person must be having, let's say, having something on their own network and on flows. And how do we see that they are not at the same stage or same phase in the learning technique or learning because and our everything, because everybody has layered up because everybody has learned different things and they are layered up, their layerism of learning is different. That's why they have reached certain perspectives that everybody is not. Now, when the first person coming into the family, if the perspective is not close to each other, they would not understand each other. So there would be a huge conflict. And that's why sometimes for the young people coming to the family, let's say a baby is born. They are much more, they have to be regulated to fit in the family. And that's that type of misunderstanding, that the regulation is much more about trading control and taking over instead of making people understand and learn. And that would create a more and more problem. So every aspect there is about conflict and living together with conflict and how to still manage the growth of the narrative of self. So this is why it is always a social contract that is always being created and destroyed. And because of this, people have huge emotional trauma and grudge. And sometimes people who are really better in the system, playing the system, they have this huge risk. So...


And this is where that the awareness of other people's and their background and that supporting flow has to be really, really experienced on. So if you are really experienced with many, many interactions and many, many people, many, many relationships, already got it, you understand, you can build a pattern and you can understand people. And that's why it's important that...