This book is overly complex. Too many things connecting in too many ways and hard to simplify and remember a context. 

Can you take in a perspective and then judge it from it from the inside or are you scared of taking things in as you may not unlearn it? Well there is a type of people called 'explorers' and they have a wrapper mind who can explore perspectives inside their mind with a quarantined box. 

We need people like that to read it through. If you are a victim of skeptism, very likely rejection won't make you learn anything.

Can you face a word or perspective that you don't know and you don't pass it until you know it? Thinking every word as a perspective and every sentence as a theory. Cause every little thing comes back like a movie.

We will be discussing about this possibility that we can have a very good strategy to understand this whole book and even the psychology and you cannot really understand the whole thing without understanding the strategy behind this. I got to tell you that how everything is all about perspective and this is such an important part of this book that you have to understand there's nothing exist without perspective and nothing can be describable. You cannot describe anything without a perspective. 

So what happens when you don't have a perspective? You are stuck. So that's really good way to think about it that you're thinking really really deep and at some point like when you're thinking of something deep a few times you cannot actually grab the perspective of that thing anymore, of that new idea you are trying to bring and you don't have a perspective on that anymore and you're stuck. You cannot go forward or back. 

So you have to now use that idea to gain perspective and you try to have adventures and you explore the world to find the solution. You go to the world, you cross the sea and you fight war to solve this question, to solve this idea, to experience that idea. So this is how powerful this is and you can actually build a perspective network. So which you can call information bubble. 

Around people for many things you can create a bubble of information, which is actually a few perspective together. But that bubble also has a general perspective, similar to every perspective in a network will give you a common perspective that you and you can look at the whole thing from that. The whole thing is giving you a perspective, just a common perspective, you can call that the main story or that's like a main perspective. That's a very important point but here's the thing-

A logic only stands inside the scope of that bubble. To understand better, the bubble of information can give you a perspective and give you logics. So logic by default we know is some patterns match. So that's logic. When patterns are matching, our brain clicks or we have a hormonal discharge and we feel like that's the logic.

Fundamentally we have a mechanism, so when a pattern match, we have to track it and we have to make it a new perspective. To make it a new perspective we have a hormonal reward coming so that we like it. Because we like it now we can think of it or we can name it and we can we can make it a base of our next learning. So that our next learning comes from that perspective. So this is how our personal narrative keeps going. This is how we have a continuity on our narrative. This is the process. The logic we learned earlier now defining our learning continuity. Essentially what it means, now because we have a liking, we also have a pride to that logic.

We love that logic and we think that logic is right. What we understand here, a logic doesn't equal to rightousness. Logic is not the right thing. It just inside that bubble and inside that perspective - it acts right. Outside of that bubble it doesn't work anymore. Now you got to understand out of all these, the number one is logic is not right. So what it is when you say something, when you think of something, is accurate as in the ground, may not be actually right in the general understanding. 

It may not be right in the overall understanding. That's because the perspective of other things would enforce some other logics. So you have to understand that logic is enforced by perspective. That's why out of perspective logic doesn't make sense. So perspective enforce I'm sorry enforces logic and for that reason you will be uh you will have nothing without perspective even any topic you can think of even the topics that you don't know like God

you may not think about God without without having a perspective about it. So that's why uh we can we can have like paradox like god god paradox like uh the god can't create a stone that he cannot lift without the without perspective you can say something like that but when you have a perspective that uh that we don't know what could be the perspective uh maybe that that uh that paradox will be solved something like that. So anyway, the point is logic is not right. So everything is opinion.

So everything is a opinion. But also remember what I said when you have a logic it becomes base of our next learning to understand the base of next learning because it becomes the base of next learning. So every idea we have I'm sorry uh it drives our learning because it drives our learning that means a idea is a is a continuous process and it has a evolution. So idea has evolution has a growth. Normally you can also say that uh everything I say even everything I answer is also a question. My answers

are also a question. My ideas are also a question because I'm also thinking it like a question. I'm saying this but is it that where I can connect with it? Uh how I can improve it? So that means it's like a question. It's like a it has a continuous growth. So for that reason so everything is opinion and everything is question. So these are these are this is the storage you can think of as fundamentally we know that our desire is to control the changes. So control the changes of what the flows

all flows uh all interactions flow and interaction. So a interaction can create new flows and we want to control that new flow. Even existing flow we want to control the existing flow. You also want to control the that controlling flow actually means controlling outcome of a change. So because the change is also a flow that's why then so we have to understand that controlling flow or controlling world even in or in ourself like in a human brain we also have continuity we also work from our habit

and we want to control those habit so called habits are also like I call them uh our human flow so that's flow in ourselves and we run in those flow uh everything we we do actually we're running in a flow and many kind of flows and there there's also main flow like I said there is also main flow so controlling flows so control is a nature and controlling flows is the nature so logic is not right everything is opinion everything is question and everything is evolving I should write it

here like uh everything evolving and we train to control flows. Okay, that's the base of us and to control flow what we do is we we learn. So we learn how to control those flows. We learn because what we have anxiety but I don't like to put anxiety here. Anxiety is such a big thing because anxiety is driver of everything. I don't like to put it here anxiety because uh it's a negative thing and we vainize anxiety like this is a this we we have too much anxiety like uh the whole psychology

are about anxiety and uh we vainize anxiety so you may put it here uh I don't like to so you started this like you have logic is there's no logic everything is question is evolving is opinion we're controlling flows we have learn we are we are learning machine and we have anxiety so these are the perspective we need to have when you are trying to understand human context so this is about perspective I'm sorry I'm sorry of human context. So perspective of human context and those you got to look at human

context from these kind of perspectives. It's a base and fundamental perspective. Very fundamental perspective. And you can build upon that these things and we can have many more things. But if you don't have this, we don't if you don't think like that, you don't have this perspective, we may miss points, a lot of points. We miss the miss the miss the actual reason behind things happening and I say that you have to have you have to have everything that influence even non-existent things that that that

has influence we have to consider them when we think of human context. So when you think of human context, you have to think of those things that uh has influence on it. So uh in a sense like uh this is number five. You have to have influence of everything. Number six is you have to connect every perspective and every thought you you you think you name them. So this is the strategy of to think about human context in this course. I am following this this uh perspective you have to understand this are the strategy

that I'm naming naming whatever coming in front of me. Anything new name them but name them I'm naming them in my style. You can name them in your style and you can build your own personal framework. when you name them you can use them in different places and you can do mathematics here. So here mathematics is not the mathematics in mathematics. So is this mathematics like simply uh a little bit of connection between things how addition how we can add things remove things and you can see

what happens how we can merge things and see what happens. So because it is all about interaction the same concept of mathematics we can see that the whole universe is a set of things and we are uh all those things are interacting and changing change happening so we have to understand how to predict those things that's why like mathematics is not actually mathematics you have to understand this also so my mathemat my concept of mathematics is not the actual mathematics understand you have to name

them and because you name them now you can you can do calculation on it. You can do you can improve them. You can use them in another another perspective. And this is how perspective perspective connects and you build perspective network and that's what I'm doing and all those perspective networks you when you try to build it is like my own personal framework. So I am building my personal framework. You can build your own personal framework but I'm naming them every little thing. I'm not

skipping everything. So not ignoring any any thought. So that's this is how I can get more and more fundamental things. So we can connect them. It's more authentic thinking. And what happens is that when you have this kind of idea understanding you can connect them all those things you find um um like uh how you can control like uh the the the the whole um what you say learning process. A human how human being learns and to control that we have many kind of controlling mechanism and all those controlling mech

mechanisms are actually what I call the recommended flow and there are many way we can we can we can control people and inside like all are recommended flows people recommended flows and those are you can see like Um the perspective uh engineering like everything in the uh human learning cycle we have we have a learning cycle and every every point in that learning cycle we can engineer them. So every point in the in the learning cycle, human has a learning cycle that has a lot of phase and all those phases

can be engineered. This is how we learn and if they are engineered by other people to create they can recommend us their their uh philosophy and we learn them and we move by them. So we can call like there is a flow phase and we can call this flow engineering. People can engineer flow of our flow and if you have a if you are building perspective uh there is a perspective phase and people can engineer the perspective phase it's called perspective engineering uh there's a purpose page people can

engineer the purpose so this is a purpose engineering and people can have many more type of engineering like uh reaction engineering narration narrative these are different type of engineering which are like uh narrative engineering ing and then we have uh reaction engineering and the way people use anxiety and against anxiety we get a solution they give us a solution and this way we learn the solution against anxiety and that's we can also call anxiety engineering And we also call can call solution engineering. So

this is like solution engineering and anxiety engineering. You can many type of engineering and have to manipulate people. So those are the recommended flow uh we we need to see when you are trying to understand. And on the final thing that I try to have number 10 I I want to put it here that think of everything as a flow because flow has a continuity I'm sorry new oh my god continuity follow has a continuity follow has a narrative follow has a meaning and it It's tough to get on a flow and it is tough to get off a flow

because flow is a uh is is actually uh like like a synchronization and to break the synchronization. It's not too easy. So these are the fundamental perspective I had when I uh tried to create this course that we have to look at from look at it from the uh control So the main things are main things I have to say that control sorry control learning those are this and and flows those are the main but you can have more like and what I want to do I want you to do is that get the idea and think of how you think of them.

Maybe you can have more ideas and you can create your own personal framework similar way and you can have more understanding. And my idea is to uh write them down, connect them, build a mind mind map or anything. Anyway you can build perspective network or any way you can try and that you you will get something like a framework because those informations are much more authentic there around you. You can find many information like this. You can find if you just uh look at observe you can find more and more information

here. The main way is that how we are controlling people, how people are controlling us and to control how they are using our learning, how uh anxiety or any kind of engineering they are doing to us. Just the main idea, just the strategy I

