Intention commands as speculation and experience itself through cycles. Cycle starts because there is an anxiety. Anxiety is the result of intention and intention itself a need to solve anxiety. Anxiety starts a cycle. Cycles are more like pendulum like cycle, not pure circlic. More cyclic it is, the longer the cycle and its engineered to be longer, not natural. When a cycle has radius higher than the perfect cycle, it becomes imbalanced and troublesome. Every cycle that goes through perspective development is never the absolute truth. They are only true in that perspective and in what perspectives it makes. Out of that its wrong. So human level logic are not true. Speculations are much higher truth, after that only the absolute truth that has no meaning to explain. So truth exist in various ways yet our truth are never the truth.

Anxiety results a action. Action is also speculation of intention. That triggers a cycle. We are inside the realm of cycle. But every speculation can live anywhere in the system. Thats why it got bigger power.

For every seperated entity, existence is created as a creative identity by anxiety that it must be seperate or dissolve. Job of anxiety is to make a perspective sit in the single state of action or attention. Only real thing is attention and all are passive. Actions are driven by attention if actions are intentional. Thats why purpose are not intentional. We will talk about purpose later. 

So job of anxiety is to make things real and too many narratives of it can suffocate the bandwidth of attention. Anxiety creates the cycles, then the cycle and result of that cycle can be engineered. Which is solution engineering. Now if you like the solution, how that solution will trigger next set of anxiety and cycles can be pre predicted and thus a bubble network of cycles can be created for ongoing development and use that knowledge for the benefit of the control structure they live in. Which can be called recommended flow engineering.

Fundamentally, an intentional being's job is to create flows to control the outcome of changes that are gonna happen through cycles. We look at cycles and try to predict the outcome. If its positive, a we would love it and if its negative we would start manipulating the cycle. If it requires new knowledge, we would start learning. Anything that changes quickly, we find it stable and we thrive for it. It becomes the base of our living, then if somehting changes really fast, that is unstable and we would fail to have positive predictibility. Negative predictibility would start anxiety, that would start action.

Anything that dissolves the identity layer that creates the seperation, would become with the absolute creator.