Now intelligence is an illusion. There is no intelligence. So when you are actually calling something intelligence is actually intentionalism. So intentionalism is creating the intelligence. So intentionalism is the wrong way of thinking because that actually creates a very limited amount of exposure to the whole perspective network. That's why intention and calculative intelligence is not the solution, but calculation and measurement is the problem. And speculation is the only intelligence that you can see that, okay, anybody is good or better at predicting, speculating the much better idea, much better perspective, which has a much better intelligence. You can see that, but that's the wrong way of thinking. The moment you say intelligence, that's intentionalism. So that's the ego, that's the pride, disrupting the system. So what is actually intelligence? Okay, intelligence is controlling flows that a structure is able to control a flow, the start, end, and the mechanism of the flow, or many, many flows it can handle, and knows who is to start and who is to stop and how many ways. So that's what intelligence is. Intelligence is not a thing to be showing off because showing off is actually doesn't work because intelligence is not really that good or that big of a thing. And let me tell you this, intelligence coming from intention or intentionalism. So we must not prioritize intelligence when this illusion doesn't have an actual definition.

Well, in this, you are again, so you do not give importance to intelligence because it is not, it is not a factor because actual factor is actually, actual factor is actually our unintentionalism because unintentionalism activates something called single state of action, that you have only one state of action and unintentionalism actually let you think towards only one thing, only one way, and that gives you much better ability. But what is intelligence, you actually controlling the flows, but when you are unintentional, you don't need to control the flows intentionally because you already, your unintentionalism and your desire are already working to control and manipulate your flows. This is not something you would understand unless you experience it also, because if you experience, you will see that how your intentions are actually bugging you instead of helping you. That's why intelligence coming from intention is a bad thing.