Imagine a pond of water, spreaded each drop, speculated them into ice and made into ice scultures. But the moment they are water and they come in same place, they will join and become one. Its the characteristics of how we are made and what we are made of. That the desire unity is what love is. For water its love and for any other liquid or gas, it still love and whatever we are made of that is densed material now is still love and will drive to be one.

You can feel the love when you love your child. Any desire of the world wouldn't surpass that right here in material world. You can feel what love can be for the highest divine one. All your personal narrative is nothing to it. All your desire cycles are easily broken there, not even has to mention. Yet without love we struggle to unlearn the cycles and flows. Eventually love becomes a flow defining characteristic.

# Intention
When love is splitted among all the structures, principles, cycles and everything, that creates an huge intention of unity again. So intention is an effect of lack of love. That is to say, anxiety creates more intention. Intention makes the world and speculated intention makes it more real.

it's not the love you are talking about. It's the thing, that thing is love. Like if this thing is water, then becoming unity of water, that's the love, as you said. It's the effect, more like a effect, because you can only observe that effect. And as you can know that that's the thing there, that's the thing there, that all we can say, you cannot go beyond that. The main point is, we are getting love because love is not a love, love is a thing that emanates love, something like that. That has effect like love. That's why love and that love is, when it is spreaded into many things, it has a, I mean, that thing that is spreaded among many things, that thing now, it has a huge amount of intention to become unity again. And that intention is creating a huge amount of, what do you call, energy, whatever. It is probably the intention also emanating the energy, and that is, that intention is also working in every cycle, in every phases as a speculator. Because speculation comes from intention. And as you know, speculation is a biased view, but actually speculation has much more fundamental understanding that it is, it is actually connecting two perspectives together to create a new one. Without a speculation, you cannot connect with any perspective because no perspective is right. So you gotta be speculative, and that's why speculative is imagination is pure speculation.

Is there anything, is there anything that we can explain in the human world from our human language, human understanding? Is there anything that is higher, that are higher than love or greater than love or better than love? Is there anything you cannot, logically, you cannot find anything close to love? That's like a hidden symbol, hidden sign, hidden signature of God. Because love is the word, as we say, and I said every word is a perspective. So, you cannot have anything that is close to love and you cannot define love. So there's nothing close to love in the human world. That's what I see.