The learning cycle starts with a desire that finds its way to the real world connection. Usually desire not just influnce your action but to generate the reality it needs to create the element it needs to learn. So your decision to pick something after having the desire is actually so non existent that you feel real yet obviously directed by your desire. Then that decision makes us perceive something, yet if you are aware and bypass decision making since its irrelevant in most cases, you perceive those information. Where perception goes through huge the limitation of perspective of your mainflow, which creates the percpetion window for you. As your mainflow evolves towards higher perspective, your perception window enhances. Then we perceive interactions and find the perspective delivered in the interaction, which is done by our expression of fundamental feelings and emotional feelings like good, bad and weirdness. If that clicks, we actually take that perspective into our learning thread. Fundamental feelings are lower level than language and languages are speculation from it. We can communicate through them. But emotional feelings gives attachment of the worldly element to those fundamental feelings.

Learning threads are actually threads stays in your brain until they are processed, (or actually completed through the whole cycle). Each thread is processed through multiple step. One of the first step I call learning technique. In this phase what we do is, our mainflow perspective gives us a speculated learning technique, which gives us learning approach to approach anything universally. Then for everything, we have a specific approach build categorically. Both of those learning techniques evolves throught the learning cycle. This is a conscious and intentional learning manipulated phase. We are very aware of this phase and this is why this phase is considered "learning" normally and even in science. Usually in this phase we consciously manipulate the given perspective by the thread, we reshape, filter any way we want. Which in this model, we can say categorize, generalize and find the perspective that fits our learning desire, or fits our narrative or mainflow.

Because this phase is intentional, we try to think learning is intentional and we try to intent to learn things and actually mess up with our learning. This is what I call force learning.

Then we get call learning overwhelmed. To explain, let's learn the action projection cycle. Where each person has to think before action. That thinking is learning technique phase, after the thinking, they has to take a rest, because they are overwhelmed of thinking. When they have to rest, they go through a break up phase, where they can't associate themselsves with that topic anymore. In that time, what they go through is leanring processing or neuroplasticity or actualization process which is unconscious yet very energy consuming. 

When a person is exposed to more information while processing, their learning importance becomes weak. Their leanring confidence is weak. After processing, what we get is a click, a new philosophy that lets us understand the problem we were solving in the technique phase. That is learning philosophy. That philosopy is considered a learning phase blum's taxonomy yet, that's a result of learning. What in blum's taxonomy happens is evolvement of that philosophy towards more secondary philosophy in materialistic world. 

An uninterrupted learning process results to a strong learning confidence, results to a beautiful importance to the philosophy we get. That creates a beautiful learning pride and that makes our base of next learning. In your narrative continuity, the base from previous learning predicts how strong you are gonna persue the narrative to continue. 

The way status plays here is break the pride, so people can't trust their intuition or learned philosophy. As usual every perspective is right and nothing is absolute right. Yet just because of social status presevation, we belittle the pride of other learner and break their pride, thus their base of next learning becomes weak. 

The actual reason, we want to share to people because of our sense of group. We want to tell people what we learned, which is learning fascination. We want to show people we could think of something new, which is pride. We get our philosophy actualized means, its direct love coming from the creator. So we feel to love it like ourself or our child. Its our definitive learning karma and and learning leanring continuity. That urge of sharing is so important, it creates the network of action and interaction or else we should have none of those networks in this world.

Yet still before acting on our thought that just been processed and given us a philosophy required a pride of sharing to bring interaction and bring more data. That new data would bring more and more intentional learning technique phase and then we would now see the threshold of our care to act on it would cross. Only if the care thrshold crossed we would act on it. Thats why action is economical. You act only when you care enough and care threshold(technique itself) is similar to learning techniques that evolves.

So this is how we learn to act, yet when you act, you see you can't just act, you actually need a lot more things to act than just what you learned. You quickly keep them in your learning thread to process them later. But to act in the moment, you need to speculate your action, this is where your universal learning technique comes into play again. To bring a speculated action from a few known and many unknown acts you have to perform, what we use is again the higher bias higher accuracy model and layerism. As we know layerism brings critically correct solution. SInce one of your knowledge perspective reached the level, now all your unknown acts can be speculated to fit that using layerism as layerism can predict the perfect perspective. 

So our action requires a lot of work and it gives us a lot more thread to process, we gotta go through the learning technique phase again and then rest. If you rest before thinking(technique phase), your information may be rumbling and not fitting as if your perception filtering isn't great enough in early life, you will dream random and unsettling. If your percpetion is trained enough, your dreams gonna be looking perfect. Dreams are learning technique phase.

Then what you do is come back with more philosophy and you keep going through the loop until your layerism suggests the completion of the topics and you move on towards above layer.

That is to explain how we go through the action projection phase, yet our pride in the learning processing phase is very important that the care of the learning would become lower than the threshold and we would rupture the continuity.

So we must break up with the information and its sources in the processing phase. In the technique phase, we got a learning desire who have questions for every approach. Those questions are like learning pots and you go through many many cycles to answer those questions or fill those pots. Those feels unregulated yet highly regulated by our desire cycles. Those unanswered questions are actually coming from the approach of building towards the higher perspective we haven't find yet, that would explain all in that layer.

If a learning process is unconscious then its highly maintained by the higher perspective development force or maybe the creator, taking it up and actulizing using unintentional force. In science, we call neuroplascity happens. The brain is wired to the new topic. Now it can explain the topic with the new perspective developed.

But that philoshophy raises the biggest question, that is intentional manipulation of all your actions, intertactions, thoughts, perception everything, in the initial perspective acquired phase. That philosophy goes into your intention and intentional manipulation or conversion starts to happen. People think this is how we get better, which is another learning illusion. We do not, it just moves us away from unintentionalism and thus our view of perception widnow shrinks and not all our desire can decide for us. Makes us strip away from actual continuity of our main narrative. That sometimes, takes us way too far that we feel dumb and later phases in the learning cycles crumbles and we fail to move forward with our action. So intentionality can freeze our action and even bodily movement through speculated stress because of intentionality.

After the intentional phase, when we slowly reshape all our perspective through the acquired philosophy, all our changes and new perspectives moves in our habit or flow. I call it learning flow. That's simply because we are never a stopped momentum. We are a ongoing flow or combination of flows. Our actions are not deterministic but dynamic. But a flow can still makes us predict our action so our nervous system can takeover for complex act and makes our single state of action freer to function. A habit is nervous system or muscles taking over. But its not easy to become that habit. Because all your flows have certain level of perspectives, and your new flow has to fit it well while going through all the reshaping and filtering and at some point when it fits you enough, that flow will be hidden and it will run you. Initally person with more skills, would take more time to learn a thing. Think of it like a cycle, as the cycles ar elike pendulum, when the limit hits, the making of new flow takes less and less time and in the bottom of the cycle it would take the least time.

So, now those flows makes your entire character. A character can act but can't do it alone. Because a character has many candidates as mainflow. All of its flows are not equal. Some are dominate and fighting to influence the mainflow creation which happens in realtime. So, now you need to really focus on one thing and channel that one thing to your whole body. That would create your full body vibe or expression. Which is crazy yet its true. Simply because a action has single state of function, all your body actions needs to be in one channel or one perspective to act on it. And that would make your action speculated well for layerism. 

Now that you need to act, you must be caring enough. That care phase directs your economical action and all interaction is part of care phase in a way. But actions you can't decide intentionally for many reason, one of them is purpose. Purpose is when your vibe is aligning, you act, that momentary intention is our purpose yet not always preselected but momentary outcome. Makes you force into unintentionalism or your purpose isn't well aligned with your desire and you fail to generate the world around you as you need. Reality is created with our imagination throughout those laws and our desires are pretty aware of how it can be generated for our need. Purpose isn't a set goal. There is no ultimate goal that can be settled or can be acheived through definitive path. Thats why its a momentary action of judgement and you need your full power to judge it.

That experience of purpose driven work slowly builds our perspective and story. Our story is all our perspectives adding each other. Our awreness of the story of eventually brings the awakening, which can enable the reverse engineering of our desire or possibly higher structure that manifests the reality.