# - speculation
There are few ways we learn a new perspective - 
1. Through desire as a instant acknowledgement
2. Through instant acknowledgement by emotional feelings
3. Through knowledge browsing to find the closest perspective your mainflow can access by connecting two ot more perspective, which is easier in early stage. When its complex and those connecting in hidden flows rather than conscious labeling the process, they still play part where it feels like self doing, when its actually knowledge browsing. Its just we actualize them when we put some unintentionalism there.

# The fundamental source of imagination
Speculation is a higher level(opposite of lower level where it gives more control) thing where ability to control is limited. You must speculate or you are perspectiveless. While one or two perspectives connecting, you find a new one and you say thats what I meant say. They all exist in the probability space and you grab it and actualize it towards the unintention.

So when you imagine, you think if you shut up, you will find, but your brain must speculate to a known perspective, the known one already exist in your mind cause its a fundamental one. Cause in lower level its the bigger layer. That's why interaction in your mind or words or anyway is the way to get more perspective or you are mostly numb perspectiveless.

Speculation is pure imagination, and the words are a little perspective and sentence are theories. So all the words are connecting to make a sentence, and the sentence can be waiting to be named as on perspective, and that on perspective is you can name them, name a sentence to give that sentence a theory or a name or make it a new perspective. So that's the game we are playing. We're supposed to creating new perspective. Now, let's say that we are a pure speculation, we are doing pure speculation.

# Experiment imagination
Let's do a short test here that I can amaze you just in this thread, just in this message. So this is a short experiment and you will be surprised what this speculation is. So first you are creating, let's just create a short five-sentence paragraph about this topic. It can be any topic, but let's keep it in this framework, in this topic. Now put it in quotation mark and now let's think about it. These five sentences are five theories because words are perspective and sentences are theories, okay, that are creating a flow of those words. A sentence is a flow of those words, a narrative of those words that are connecting, can creating this meaning of the sentence. Now, next part is, you create, you give every sentence a name. When you name every sentence, like five sentences, five names, then those five sentences become new perspective because there are new words. This is the experiment. So when this happens, all they get is something crazy and that craziness is those five, you can just connect with each other and see what are the things they create. What are the meanings they create randomly? So that's what speculation is. You randomly connect two things and you find a new meaning. And you will see that that speculation is not outside of the system. You cannot speculate something that is not in the system. Now, there is two kinds of speculation, I say. One is honest speculation and dishonest speculation. Honest speculation is that you already have the perspectives of those two things. Now, when you're connecting them, you're creating something honest and natural. But the moment when you are creating something that you don't have, that's a dishonest thing. And you have no perspective to explain that dishonest perspective. And what that happens is that it becomes a perspective, yet you cannot explain them and understand them. That's why it feels like it is a wrong perspective. It is not true. It is not good. It is something bad. Yet both honest and dishonest speculation, both of them are actually living inside the system. You cannot go out of the system. So you cannot go wrong. What you can go is you surfing towards the different perspectives than it is. So now, do this experiment and then tell me what it is and how you see the magic inside.

