into the whole existence. If you think the whole existence as own single flow then there are a lot of flows inside that existence of different different part of it and on single part whose job is to keep their flow not being dissolved into the main on existence the on single main flow. So if this is the main flow of this whole existence then the job of a soul is to be a different flow but also to keep a distinct different from this flow that it doesn't dissolve into this existence. So it has to be kept as a single entity

to keep up the distinction and as a single entity. The job the job of it uh is to be a single distinct flow that does not dissolve into the main existence is by of course some commitment some force some. So that force uh we can call this ego spiritually and philosophically also and um why what I would like to call is a status and this status is the name name of this ego thing and I see that uh in the human context which I can't say that the human context is a uh is a different thing in the intentionalism

let's say how it is let's say this status is from spirituality or philosophy and it gives birth of intentions S the intention is to survive as a single distinct different entity as a single different different flow in the whole existence. To do that we have an ego uh we have an uh different uh differentiation I mean diff mechanism to be different than any other flow or different than the main flow. The job is to be there and that G thing gives us the intention that we have a intention to be different to

survive to survive. We don't go we don't dissolve into the main flow and that intention gives us the uh the the birth of intentionalism as a as a as a entity as a living entity or I call is a intentional being and that intentional being has some Like if you go into the human context as a human being we have a society and we have a interaction between each other and it has some properties and how this ego and intention uh converted into the human context into the economics. So you can call this the

human context. We we we call this like um let's say this status comes as a control. So we have this status that I call ego and to perceive it to to make it different to uh make it go we learn we have to control things. So it uh is uh grow it is evolved as a control in the higher level in in a spiritual level you say in a spiritual level we can call it this like this but in the intentionalism uh it evolves into this uh control and this control is to control if there There is a flow going on around

us and we want to look at the flow and see if it hurts us or help us and we want to control the outcome of the changes of that flow for the outcome of that flow. So that's our job. So how that happens? The changes happens because of interaction and we know in society that we interact with each other and every interaction is basically trading control. Let's say uh let's say let's look at it uh look at this um let's say look at this uh I call this um uh fundamental feelings. I call this fundamental feelings

whose job is to understand things. The whole context we can access are not words actually. It's not limited by words. A lot of things we can see and understand just not describable by word and we don't acknowledge th those things. That's why we don't see them. And uh let's say let's say there is sacredness there is sacredness in the world and sacred means is made of anxiety and it's made of anxiety and uh I call this good and and also also like like So good and bad together.

Uh I should say happiness but also it can say good and bad together and that gives us this these things together keeps creates the saceness right. So sacredness is such a thing that when you think of something sacred you can you cannot think of like judge it you have to acknowledge it right away or you are uh going to be punished the the feelings. So that's why sacredness is it job is to make you acknowledge right away. If you add good and bad together then you know that thing is good you have you can accept it and that that

thing is bad if you don't accept it. So you got to do it and those like like if you explain this this way then you see that fundamental feelings we have like uh uh good, bad and weirdness They gives us this ability to manipulate each other to manipulate us to manipulate the whole thing to persist our control in this in this world. So we can access we can see a lot of things and we can see a lot of uh a lot of a lot of fundamental feelings we cannot tell them we can understand them and our theory of uh my my theory of uh

feelings say that if you don't acknowledge that means it's a bad thing and then bad thing stays in your brain. And until you have the courage to understand it. So until you understand the whole bad thing and can accept it, you have to at some point you have to accept it. Uh and you have the understanding of how to accept that badness of of this you just experienced at some point in your life. So that thing grows on you. The good thing also instantly uh what do you call this? Acknowledge.

If you acknowledge it instantly that means it's a good thing. So that means it you don't judge it as much you just the bad bad thing. So if the bad thing is actually make us develop, make us improve, right? And what we do with this is we try to make our own flow and we try to create habit like we try to create habit in other people so that they act they listen to the bad bad thing they understand they experience the bad thing then they then they grow on it and we can now predict their action because we

know how they evolve in experiencing that bad thing. Now we can predict their action and we can make use of that. So that's what I call this recommended flow. So a flow means is autonomous action in human context. In the economics of human we see the fundamental things in human context we see that this status thing is used as a control mechanism to control each other and we have interaction between each other and we trade control when we interact with each other and to do this we use some uh

fundamental of feelings like sacredness, anxiety, happiness, all those things to make people change in that interaction. Change means in human context is learning. So if you think about uh one 2 3 And let's say fundamental feelings are four and you can go five is learning and this that's why I say this control here I don't put uh ego or those things here because I think those are part of uh above this level or below this level not here but they they it stays in in in a in a distinct place but it is evolved

as this in our soc in our in our in our side you know say and we want to keep up with them we want to create it we want to experience it and we want to see how other people wants to create flows in us and to whether accept it or not accept it how to discard it and how to not to discard In a society when people's people learn that we each other just trying to control each other what happens in those situation in those situation let's say um I have a thought I have an idea and I want to talk about it and I want other

people con convince them and I want to believe them or I what I what I believe what is the first feelings I want to create in other people is sacredness right if I'm smart if I'm not smart I would try to use good feelings but if I'm smart I would try to create sacredness in other so that they can't they can't uh disprove it so when you do had and you experience it and you learn and you grow and you see the wrong in them. You see the bigger picture at some point because you keep

growing and if you keep growing and you see that thing is wrong then then what do you feel? You feel uh those learnings are wrong. So you feel bad about those learning right and you don't want to uh you just think like those learning did not help me at all and you break bad you break you break that. So when you create when you when you learn something basically you actually create or follow a structure created by other people or by you or by I say the recommended flow people recommended some habit or flow in you

that you followed. and you saw them wrong and you now you try your best to uh unlearn them, right? So you access a lot of things in the human context and you don't you are not trained to see them trained to understand them trained to uh cast those things [snorts] because you are let's say you you learn to uh see the word but you don't know you learn by the uh whole perspectives that people delivering to you. People learn by perspectives. People learn by the whole thing, not by just word. And you

just learn to see the words only. You don't you don't see the whole picture. But your learning is still with the whole thing, but you don't see the whole picture. You don't you don't consciously understand that. So what would be your feeling? Your feeling would be next time look at the whole picture because you feel so bad about the bad learning you had. You change and to see the whole picture other people forcing you not to see the whole picture. You break bad and you break the structure

and that structure if you break it breaks the uh interactions also. The interactions are basically the relationships. It's the it's is how you keep up the relationships and you don't keep up the structure relationships with other people, right? And and when you do that you you actually uh let's say have fight uh have a u you have a you separate yourself from those things. Now when you separate yourself from this thing in this in this control structure in this control thing everybody is

trying to control each other and you don't see them you don't understand them that we are all you are also the person who is trying to control each other and other people also trying to control you and you don't see this as a whole picture. you you just look at them as just um bad things happening and you just ask why this is happening why the people acting like this why I am acting like this and uh sometimes you don't see what you you are also acting like that the result becomes as a

uh we call depression so that's what happens Let's say let's say in the economics the main purpose is to make money and you don't agree with this structure. If you don't agree with this structure, you can't actually follow the structure. So if you cannot follow the structure of making money, you're not going to make money. So that's not what your what your goal is now and that's not what your purpose is or that's not what your understanding. You just looking at a different picture

of the society. Now what you want to do is you try your best to break this structure of money. you you hate this structure, you want to escape that structure. You want to escape the world because uh most people don't have money and everybody's suffering and when people suffer they try to uh break bad. Those situations comes in when let's say people have families and they need money. They can't just think of any other thing. It's like it's like a it's like a you know it's it's like a rubber I say flow.

People are running in a flow that you have a ch child, you have a wife, you have a parent parents and you are trying to provide for them and you can't make money. You can't. You may be some of the wisest person. You may be some of the dumbest person. You may be is really skilled. You may be really skilled yet your your flow, your structure, you hate the structure of money. You can't really make money. So at some point of your suffering, you can't take it anymore. What to do? The question is if you cannot suffer

anymore, what to do? If somebody relatives, some relatives dies, what to do? You feel bad, but at some point you have to uh gather yourself and not let it get you anymore. You have to be uh you have to make it make yourself separate from those feelings and be yourself. And that's what we do. We actually go away from all those demand and all those structure that's trying to make us work. We want to escape and that's why we do we do drug mo most people on on most of the people are doing different different

kind of drugs many type of drugs many type of addiction. to escape the war. They can't fight it anymore. If they can't fight it anymore, what they do? They don't care about their children, their spouse, their parents anymore. They don't care about any relatives and any relationship they have. And they give up. When they give up now everybody there in the society has no responsibility if that happens and people just uh it just nothing nothing works in those situations. It just nothing works. It's like a it's like and

those time those are the times of collapse. It's like you it's a rubar. It's like a rubber that you are like uh you're pulling you're pulling uh side and at some point it has to break and the relationships and the structure the flow is it just breaks down it just it time and you are no longer connected. Now you go your way and I go my way and nothing nobody is doing nothing for no one. So this is the society uh that we have we have upcoming we have now to survive in this situation to let's say let's say

you know survive this this situation we have to go back we have to go back to understand that how we are and what we are right we we could see that that's like a very intuitive idea that if we go back I have to understand that what we are spiritually or philosophically we are a distinct flow trying to be trying to survive to not become the flow but everybody is trying to push ideas and make each other like we it's like a cohesion of each other that if you are running in my flow my recommended flow

you and I have a cohesion now I can access your understanding and I can get you I can use you if that happens we don't want them we are we are made to different from each other and the whole thing if it is pushing the limit too much it's going to break and it should not it uh and we could we should not be breaking that like that's the intuitive idea that we should not be breaking the uh like pushing too much how real can this world go that's the question if the the world goes really really uh really really uh

real. At some point it would people would just escape reality or would not care about the reality of this uh we call this so uh capitalism or society. What do you say? So let's say let's say somebody somebody's secret really really sacred and somebody's trying to make you uh uh feel like let's say let's say bad feelings and good feelings together and they have like like what do you call the uh disassociivity disasso So cdivity um they're people are trying to this we call

this associivity or the one anyway okay I don't care about the right rightness of this word but the point is people want to not associate with each other they say I want to access your uh I want to access your whole thing your context so I am recommending a flow I want to build a trust in you so that means I'm being nice so niceness they say I'm being nice it's a mechanism to uh like push forward my flow like trust me so if I want you to trust me I want you to I I will be nice to you.

This way I can push my flow in you and I you will be I could be accessing your I will have a coation with you. I'll be accessing your understanding accessing your your energy. So what is he saying? Let's say that people wants to be disassociative which is like feeling bad. You see I said before the this associivity is like it's a bad feeling. If you talk about the fundamental feelings it's a bad feeling. If it is a bad feeling then as a bad feeling stays in your brain as long as we if you want to

accept it at some point because it stays as a thread in your brain and that thread keeps learning keeps keeps understanding keeps learning. And you have to be really wise uh to accept it. You will become really wise. So people who try to be disassociative because of our you say also this comes from our ego or status that wants to be different than each other and it doesn't want to acknowledge any other people's flow. So it always wants to uh like distract each other. At some point of people do is that

they they people act like uh like like if you are accessing me I am really making you confuse by giving you some and I'm changing really fast. Um I'm thinking really fast. I'm changing my uh flow or interaction mode every time every second millisecond so that you can't really associate with all those things I'm trying to be doing. So you are just f not going to get it. And that's what the people with bigger skills bigger uh people who is uh who are getting getting over like being

being good uh like the the people who are on top and people who are on top who's trying to be doing this are actually can like use people who are drugged. Like being drugged, being addicted people are like having concussion who doesn't have much control over their uh mind or their brain, their their actions, their things because just they are easily controllable. If uh if people are doing like this with disassociation it's like really easy to control with people who are drug in drug. So

is a big use of drug is like it's a way to man manipulate the whole society whole uh whole world you can do that really easily and this is the significance of a person that if you in go in front of a person they have a charisma but that's not the significance of a person the charisma is to manipulate other people like the way to make people feel I am a trusty worthy person that's charisma that's niceness also in the meantime commanding people which is like uh getting over getting the getting like

now you already like commanding means you you are pushing the flow in them the recommended flow in them and that's not the significance of a person the Significance of a person is when these kind of people goes in front of a person who is reach by like they don't have uh they they are not they are not going to be controlled by any other any techniques. They just totally not connected or not do not actually associate with any kind of economical things. So they can't be controlled like we can

say that the the the spiritual people who does many kind of spiritual things and don't connect with the world anymore. Right? And this is how I we got this idea of uh of spirituality and the godness and the religion and things all those things right and what we see the religion also has this biggest idea that sacredness is used in religion just for to make people Believe.

