In the previous lectures of control structures, we see we have seen how we actually try to control each other. U some of those some of those techniques of uh controlling a deception. Uh let me see the deception list here. The game of deception. So let's go here. Let's let's this So uh we should try to make a structure that acknowledges the rule of a control structure with authenticity. The properties of a control structure are recommended flow, hidden flows, providers, enforcers, users, lot of thing.

But the closest thing to a uncontrolled structure is a group of people when you need to pretend to be uncontrolling each other. Uncontrolling I mean not controlling each other. So group of people not controlling each other instead trying to be on trying to be on and that's cohesion. So much more way we try to explain that in the in the interactions in the society we share frequency of frequencies of information and like like like all informations are going through some channel we are sharing through some channel

and those channels let's say if we sharing using some perspectives and those perspectives are some channel of frequency let's say channel of wave and your your job is to in interaction is to accept or reject. If you agree, you accept. If you don't agree, you reject. But if you accept then um you build a connection with in uh in in like like I'm I'm sharing in a in a in a in a frequency and you connect with that frequency now we share information using that channel and that's cohesion

So question is like being together as one. But since it's a control structure and we try to control each other, we uh we we we can manipulate people. When somebody is connecting with you, which means they trusting you, you start uh using that cohession on your benefit and against the person against the person you're cohing with, against their will or benefit. Because now because they have a question the question everything is a flow. A question is also a flow on they they are flowing they are

flowing in in there and you just use that flow for your benefit before they understand and think back and uh and come out of this problem of this flow get off that flow you can use that flow for your benefit. benefit. So that's what the limit of cohesion and that's devilish that's that's that's the devilish that's that's evil thing to do now because these this the whole interaction things in the human context are about all about charisma and command. This is so much so that

we are using this devilish technique to uh use people's trust people's people we use the cohesion to hurt each other. If there is no limit to the question of like how many people can uh connect together then the limit is not the way we think. It's not about how many people it's about how it is used. So we often we often don't think that how things are used is not a limit is not a limit because anyone can use anything in any way but actually when somebody is using something something is using something

uh in in in in in their way. That way can become so do dominant that other not so dominant uh things would actually uh go faded and the dominant dominant dominant And uh dominant flow or dominant uh uh character would dominant thing would persist would would exist and would be more powerful than others and that would uh spread among people much faster and much greater way. So that's what happened because control is such a dominant thing. our uh using u of uh deception techniques of uh of using people's trust are like

the uh biggest part of our of controlling the whole whole thing. If you look at a control structure, we say that control structure has as has as a provider. That provider job is to create uh create those create those dominant flow dominant flows dominant learning or dominant flows in other people. So I already said that this is these are the recommended flows. People are getting flows that recommended by them in your in yourself. And if that recommended flow is dominant then you are totally controlled

by the uh oracle by the by the recommener or article by the provider of the control structure And when at which situation this happens, is this real? Is this even real? Is this even normal? Yes, it is too real. Look at yourself and what is your dominant flow today right now in this situation and you will see if it is anxiety. If it is anxiety then it may not be uh pro uh not be the reason of a provider or not be recommended by a provider. But if it is not anxiety then possibly if it is about some

materialistic thing then you are actually um your dominant flow is controlled and put by other people the provider of the control structure. What happens um when like uh many people start believing something it's a big coion and it's hard to go against it. We want to go against it. We cannot because this is so big like everybody is using uh lotion in the in in the winter and I can't just come up on the on the screen and say that do not use lotion unless I have to explain it that lotion

is how and how I and how but still I cannot just say it because the the power against it is so big because the cohesion of other people is so big the whole consciousness would not let me do it. Let's I'm saying that let's say lotion using is not bad but that's not the reason I want to talk against it. I just want to talk against lotion using but I cannot because it's forbidding me to not to say things like that way for uh for this thing like this is on example how cohesion is a silently

controlling us. So question is is is silent controller and it it it it uses channeling like channeling of uh frequencies all those things to control us. It's like that you see this kind of knowledge are um sometimes is scary to people. People don't think those are uh uh like you you should think that way. because you you don't think the way I'm thinking and this is also reason of because of the big cohesion uh people don't want to think like that people are scary scared people are fearful of

thinking this way uh that's why you usually don't think this way unless god really helping you to think like this and the whole network of perspectives are coming to you you See this is a powerful way to think of quer. It is not always good. It is also bad. And the good of course this the question the goodness of question can surpass everything and the badness also can surface our our own understanding of the whole world. So if I am really smart or or smarter smartest or wise, I would actually try

to build cohesion among people and use that to channel. That would be my idea. And we don't have to know that this is co we don't have to know that we we are channeling. It's automatically happening like if you want to build a business somewhere in the in in in in your local area and you you have a business now you're selling product you have a customer base you have a cohesion and you're channeling it and other people are getting those things by the channeling. You are not a knowingly knowingly doing

this. But when you are knowingly doing this, that's powerful. That's also that's more powerful. So thinking of cohesion is like a magical thing. The way I talk with you about these things, you can feel like those are not wrong. They're actually connecting things. This is like a more more like a fundamental things. And you cannot really disprove them. And you see the you can feel like this is like so authentic that this are true. You see that's because it's kind of true. It's

kind of like this. But don't believe that this is the absolute truth thing. The moment you start believing something is absolute truth, you acknowledge it. It becomes part of you and if it is wrong you got to unlearn that. The same way if cohesion some cohesion is inside you that is actually acknowledged by you learned by you. Now it's your character is in your is in yourself. Now it's your flow your learning flow or flow of then like you are like uh like like you learned to to cohesion uh learn cohesion

with something and you can't really remove or unlearn it really fast because it's a flow. You can't really remove it and unlearn it. Now, now question is so big bigger larger than us like larger than life. We usually don't know how to unlearn it. And when you try to unlearn it, sacredness would hurt you because like let's say let's say you are you you think of your religion and you have a god that you trust. You have you have a belief and you feel there is God and you that's why you try to be uh pious and

you try to act for God then because that's that what you accept accepted already now if I ask you to remove that cohesion you would not be able to do that you would you would not be able to even if you allow yourself you could not do that. So I'm not this is hypothetical experimental scenario like I'm not saying you to do that but let's say you try to do it you would not be able to do it. I'm not saying to be go against the god. I'm saying is it's not that it's experimental thought that they say

something is so some some cohesion is learned. You learned a lot of things. You learn perspectives. But when you learn cohesion, it's not something you just uh unlearn it magically. It takes a lot of uh fight against the uh question is sacredness means it is um you can't just go against it. Uh you don't want to go against it. You cannot your brain your your your learning technique would not allow it would not allow it because you know deep down you have a religion you have a god you would not be able to do it.

So that's the power that's the power of coation. That's the power of uh acknowledging something that's uh connecting with some other entity or some other souls all those things. So caution is sacredness actually like you do not you would not actually break a relationship. Unless there is a reason bigger than that you would not break a relationships. You would not the connection you have with another person you actually don't want to do that. If there is no reason like there is no reason to break that

relationship. We would not just do that by by like you say that emotional quotient would be used to do that. Then the emotional question uh would not actually remove the whole thing probably or possibly it would be bigger than the the question would be bigger than the the in relationship question. If that is bigger than that then you would be able to do that but usually there is not enough reason and you would not be able to do it. It will solve the relation. So so let's say let's say now now

let's say we can use this in practice. It's a question in school. The fundamental thing in the in in modern uh modern modern modern day world is that each school has many students and many students is trying to study together. But what if they build a cohesion and they can do great things there? They can access far better more knowledge from the uh network of perspective network of knowledge from the divine god. They could access a lot of things and they could create be imaginative do things better. But what we do is we

don't want that to happen. So what we create is we create competition like rolling on two three we we give them numbers based on their result and who is better than whom. So that's the fundamental of school. That's how we give competition so that they don't build cohesion. So that they they don't help each other. You see it's how it is used and um for that reason the question happens with the teacher not students and for the same reason the teacher evolved as a students. they

they are ask your students. So teachers also don't uh build coion with other teachers. So so teachers build um question with the students and student builds question with the teacher. So it's the it's the only way a school could survive. It's the only way school is connected otherwise school would not be there. It would not survive there. As we know that information sharing is actually just uh not the uh not learning it's just inspiration and teacher just give inspirations to

build the question with the students and being personal with the students and that's the only thing they are a students go to the college to go to the school not for the friends we call them friends actually we are competitor with each other. So fundamentally deep down we don't do that. But you see when you go to the college like like after like school like med school or um uh when you when you grow up and go to the university and there is more freedom there and not much control there. uh when you feel

like we try to build cohesion with each other uh w with each other and that's not free of course because the coion also now is controlled uh there because it is controlled by many many parties and they don't want you to be cohesive with genuine ideas, your new ideas or great ideas. They want you to be cohesive with some ideology. And that's why college and versities are filled with ideological groups and ide ideological political groups or secret societies. It's it's it's nothing

uh useless actually. Everything has a purpose have a point. The purpose may not be selective. The purpose may not be intentional but the purpose purpose is actually uh built by our balance balancing act because everything is balancing act. So it has to uh let's say there's a vacuum like uh uh there there's a empty place like like a hole on the ground some things will come up and fill that place. uh it's like that that uh naturally something would come and fill the place because the whole thing everywhere is

control and everywhere is we have a devilish thing not everywhere of course but in in in the whole thing so so it would also come there and feel the place in some of those ideologies it's not So simple to understand. It will always like comes like like a rabbit hole. Always there are things coming up and coming up and you keep keep fighting them, keep understanding, you keep trying them and it always u coming new and new thing every day. So I I'll try to uh I'll try to explain it with um like um like a better way how

we could understand uh the limit of question how we could do it. So let's say let's answer this. Why can't you learn? So why can't you learn means you have a problem like you know how to be a doctor. You just know because you could just study the the books about uh the videos about uh the the the the college you have to go you can go to uh about docu medicine and medical science and you could become a doctor. If you study and debate about uh law you would be a lawyer. Why can't

you do that? It's more easier to be a physicist than a lawyer or doctor. But why can't you become a physicist? You see the reason is you don't just build cohesion with a entity or soul. You also build cohesion with perspectives because you build uh coation with perspectives layers that means build coation with knowledge. Now that thing could be could be could be really powerful if you build coation with knowledge. But you cannot. Why you cannot? That's because we already have cohesion

with ideas or ideology or knowledge that that filled us that already in us. That's uh like a ideology about what a learning is, what learning is and how we learn. We have we have cohesion with those ideas we don't even know. And those knowledge are dictating our our our ability of uh to learn something. If you understand that it when you try to learn something it has to fit your narrative, fit your personal narrative. You have to care. You You care. You have to care. Then you speculate.

you do just like the I'm talking about the learning cycle here. So all those phases in the learning cycle you you you do all those things and that's why you learn. Now if you don't actually if you are not cohesive with this idea of uh learning cycle you cannot actually learn because you will fail fail in the first phase, second phase, third phase. So if you fail on you would not go here. But the whole learning cycle is built up many many phases and if you just are not uh cohesive with any of those

ideas you would not be able to do that. You would not be able to learn it. If you ignore just part your learning would be incomplete because that's that's the mechanism. Learning is a mechanism. Mechanism there is a dependency of neural connections. So if the neural connections is not there, you would not be able to learn it. Now is now in in the way of this lecture if the learning is not actualized enough the the civilizational con concept uh like the main flow of the uh main flow of consciousness or the god or what is

like anyway you say are not going to accept the learning if it is not following following the whole learning cycle is not going to accept it as a learning or uh there is no neural connections. So it will not be a learning. So that's why you cannot learn. So what I say is that to understand that cohesion is not just about entity and soul. It's also about the those uh those ideologies those those things those knowledge those layers those perspective those cycles that we think about we have to we build

also we actually build coation with them also and we can access them we can understand them we can get those ideas crazy it is like like sounds like a deep meditation But uh like our our our understanding of coion is is magical and it can do things that you would be like it's like miraculous things it would be doing and you would not you would not understand unless you really face it like um like like you you will start believing in in things again. It's such a powerful thing. Like say this is about not cohesion.

This is about how uh the limit of cohesion like how it we can still fail if even there is co cohesion to uh make a success.

