We have known about science dimensions and uh like parallel universe and we don't know that there is a accessible parallel universe is our perspective control uh context which as a network of perspectives are accessible by people and Let's say the center of the earth could be the the Middle East and um uh center of our trading like like uh ge geographically is middle east and uh let's say the the center of earth right at the point there is a place of course somewhere geographically And there's a center of

uh perspective network or let's say civilizational context or consciousness has a center also has an has a has a point where we all focused on something and it is not it is not something that you will see that is not it's not something that you think not possible. It is you you intuitively or authentically you can see this is really not too much that there is a context there's a parallel universe right there and we can access it and that's the civilizational consciousness or the

perspective context we can't see it but we know and we can access information from it and crazy is that uh it's not a science yet nobody thinks that should be studied. Uh yet there is a point you this is crazy as it is. Um there's center of it which we all focus like our whole uh everybody everybody on earth has a desire to focus on something and that's because we as a human as a learning machine. We look at the recommended flow uh like uh like recommending flow to other people like making people learn

recommending flow means teaching people. So basically teaching or you can also say learning is like the center of of it but more specifically let's go there that actually the things that teach us all kind of media all kind of media all kind of things that are out there are teaching us and the solely dedicated thing that is created to teach us is education system or education and uh basically my opinion is this is the center of uh civilizational consciousness. Uh no no no uh that's not the right word. uh

right would be the network but the perspective network yeah uh the I'm not sure about this but I I'm sure about this one the network of perspective that we develop that we already have on earth if you gone through the previous lectures you should know that network of perspectives are totally the center of it is education system from our our our way so the Devil's desire would be controlling that. But devils has more desire. Devils is more desire. Fundamentally we are we we are a let's say a a different a

distinction from God uh the from the main energy flow because if you're not religious you could if you're not atheist you could just uh think like energy the whole thing is flowing energy and from those energy flow like there is no mass it's all energy deep down if you if you know the relativity theory of Einstein so now if you go uh think of everything as a flow from that flow we actually are a different flow the soul and the soul is created the difference by by its ego to be different. So now ego

is a status in intentionalism because the the purpose of intentionalism is speculate. Now speculative has a lot of positivity. That's why speculation is a feature. But the job of the reveal is to speculate wrong way like it could trigger some point. So we we could get more and more biased. That could be the job of the devil. And this way we speculate so much that intentionalism becomes a hazard, becomes a troublemaker. And the in the in in in above care phase, above care phase which is the economics.

Economics has this uh like like which means we we know that above care phase we have to speculate to act. So speculation is part of part part of it if you don't speculate you can't really act there's no action without speculation. So above caref facics any speculation is there and the devil could trigger easily uh some buyers and uh this is a way this is a really a great way that devil wants to design. This is how the the devil could design the whole world and how the speculation works for the fundamental things like

the like the ego or status. Status is now about competition and being better than other people and control. Now is about uh status control like all together like our controlling mechanism of changes like controlling changes is a status control and the implication of this is as we know that we try to control the changes by creating control structure which means the desire of management because management is something like we want to manage something that's the that's the that's the positive

predictability that I could be I could manage the change so management is really deeply rooted fundamental thing in ourselves yet speculation made manage Management a troublemaker. Management is such a troublemaker. Now what you get from management? You'll be surprised to know how many things you what are the like all the fundamental things are in in in our in our economics are actually the result of management like the desire of management. So you could you could manage better your food. That's why you have agriculture. you

could manage better. Uh like we don't we don't believe in things coming anymore like like like idea like food food or resources coming or resources are available and we could just take them. We don't believe that anymore because we speculating the negative predictability that there could not be anything we should be making our own thing. That's the desire of devil that devil could put in us and we want to do that. We actually built the house because we could manage better because we started as a temple.

House houses are initially or because of is the is to pray to God much better way which is management. Then it become house home which is management. Home is now fundamentals and so fundamental that it could easily be the the center of the whole uh like like our um medical I said network of perspectives or our consciousness the civilizational consciousness it could be the center of our civilizational cons consciousness our or human context or our visualizational world that we that we don't care about but it is actually

creating everything the human context or social context or whatever you name that that thing is it job is to uh interpret the whole world and if you if if if if you think that's not there then nothing is there. So that's the this this such a thing where home has now become a center. So home has now become a center of comfort. It's not a center of learning. And that's why since our desire to learn better, we are moving towards school moving toward what we can where we could learn. That's why we we we we take

adventures. That's that's why we leave home to learn things because that's the main center main desire. We always go towards the center and u so u thing is that okay uh devil says that you do not need to go anywhere things you want to learn I'm going to give you in front of you. So you you have a school and you have computer. You say computer is in front of you. You can just take the information you want. Now the devil is saying I could be I could be now easily give you information for

for free. You don't need to take the adventure. It would be really great for you. And I would be filtering those information and reshaping those information to create now recommended following you. So that's the desire of devil. He wants to create recommended flow in you so that you would be doing everything I want. Now um what happens this let's say you have a you have a you have a house and you have a computer all those things give this like house or home is a comfort. It is like thousands of years of old and

this is too new. It is not a comfort. Computer is not a comfort. How is this comfort and computer has not become a home? Not yet. And we don't have any desire to make it a home. No freedom. But how can people choose computer instead of house when computer is not comfortable? Well, it's it's the desire. We know the hormonal trap. Nobody talks that hormone is a trap. Nobody says only I talk that hormone hormones are trap hormone could be used to trap you. So hormonal trap is such a huge thing and

every action every thought even related to hormone and many would say many psychologist many people many scientists would say it's not is uh is it is actually um hormone is the the thing we call the start starter of the let's say the the the ego it's all triggered by hormone. Our all our fundamental things are did guard by hormone. That's what movement is that what actions are. That's what desire are. So this is here computer is a computer is computer is hormonal trap. It's not comfort yet. But house owns was

a hormonal trap also because uh house also was the result of this uh happiness like we wanted to be in a house because we could be more happy uh with this hormonal but not the the peacefulness you could get if you are in the in in the wild for if you're in outside you could be more more peaceful, more happy. But that's not what hormonal trigger would let you do. They want you to be always engaged. So how is like a result like a like a like a like a desire to be more engaged in things more connected to materialism. So

computer is going the similar way. It's moving like a similar way. But yeah, I talk about making computer at home. Uh that could be more more like helpful for us if I if anybody could think of making computer like a home like comfortable. But we would not do that because we don't need that. The devil do not need that because he he could trap us without making it a home because he know he he trapped using hormone when you when we wanted to create houses. Now he could trap that time that I did we did not

need another example. Now we did not need to in the computer we do we don't need another example of house to be uh comfortable inside the inside computer because it's already hormonal and hormone could do the all the work we don't need any more things and if you if you don't understand that this all came from the management the desire of management yet it becomes less and less manageable. That's why when you are in front of computer and you are basically uh scattered your focus thoughts are

scattered and uh see chaos you feel uh what to do you could not decide so you do random things and uh the result of it of course we know that slowly uh we would try we would be have we would have more control about those feelings and uh we could be doing things better. But we could solve this easily by giving people a home. So we like if we give giving people giving people home in computer I think we could we could like by a huge uh evolutional change. It's possible if you like like like like

like software could be a a like like like a like like um tool to bypass a huge evolutional change. But you you have to give a computer a a software really that could be at like a home. And um let's see computer are there like for 20 30 years more than that. And when you open open a computer, the disk, the storage systems uh don't give you a ability um to have your own freedom. Uh or the softwares don't give you the ability to have your own freedom to create things on your own. Like you

could click and create features as much as you want and delete features as much as you want by just clicking on buttons and it it could not be so tough. We don't need that much in in infrastructure if we could just point and click and create uh features in our computer and we do not dedicate this kind of feature to the computer and then uh that gives no freedom that makes no home and we suffer when you open the computer and um we got to browse the internet and when you browse the internet it's more like it takes away your

intention your focus your concentration to many things which opens up a world of randomness and we could be designing a world without those random things we could be designing internet that where only our narrative is persistence. So personal narrative should be persistent even inside a computer otherwise it would be just devil's desire. So God's will is so I will be talking about God's will. God's will is that our our um uh education system which is the center of the of of of the uh human context

or the perspective network and uh we use heavily computer to manage things is today's modern world for these two hugely basic fundamental things on on earth right now uh we could dismantle the existing education system and create a new one but education system is always the ideology ology because it's ideology of some some person and we know everybody's flawed like I am developing the whole educational system here with all those things I described in all those lectures are basically my own opin opinion and I

know I'm not right I know it's a fabrication it's a it's it can be discarded as nothing So the job is to not being stuck on on single person. The job would be like making everybody like like everybody would have their own personal framework that their personal narrative identity. Everybody has their own identity. Like you said, everybody has their own identity that's built by a story and that story has a technique called learning technique like main story or main narrative has a has a

technique. I call this learning technique and that learning technique job is to manipulate, reshape, reshare, reformation, filter information and uh and and tracing how it is manipulated, how it is thought, how it is uh reformed, reshaped, what are the techniques it is to trace that also and that gives us a personal framework. mark and we should be aware of our personal framework and how we in uh like everybody has it. We don't have to develop it. Everybody has their personal framework and it's evolving.

It's always evolving and job of education system is to make people aware of their personal framework. make them right, make them discuss, make them cohesion with other people to make a like better understanding and then we could really have a better world. So the personal framework is uh uh is making people aware of that and personal narrative is that we know that we run by we run by narrative. Narrative is that like connecting point of one action to another action. When you're acting, you're acting

because your narrative suggested that thing and your personal story is going forward. So that's the job of of of our personal narrative and we should be keeping that narrative in education system because or in a in a management system how do you call uh or you can also call the learning system which is a much better word. Now the way we have it is now is that um narrative is a flow. Narrative has a continuity. It has a lot of properties of physics properties and uh and narrative is built of perspectives.

So the fundamental of narrative are like perspectives and learning cycle. So all those perspectives can connect to another perspectives and create a story or many perspectives coming together creating a story creating a new perspective. A story is also a new perspective. So um also the job would be like creating more and more perspectives and uh like like like I said here uh terming right so terming means naming those perspectives for a person to build a personal framework a person would be naming those perspectives

and If it is generalized if perspectives are removed so education system job would be make us aware how anybody sharing a perspective because we know we share perspectives that's the desire of fundamental things of us that we want to it's a pride I call this learning pride we want to share our perspective share our knowledge but the point is when you sharing your knowledge are you creating like outside desire are you creating any recommended flow are you removing perspectives so that it's more

generalized that I would not be able to connect with the with the world that much are you doing this so we are create we will be creating perspectives and then then we should be looking for like how it is not generalization and like systems as a tool of layerism like we could see that the whole civilizational context of divine consciousness and we could easily access information from it. We could easily connect and the system should allow it and create cohesion and access the information better and also personally a

person should be able to do that but make people aware of that. It's more of a awareness actually because we don't have awareness right now. the awareness is destroyed by um [snorts] uh intentionalism like I said in I'm sorry sorry [clears throat] so the awareness is uh is ruined by speculative intentionalism. If you have gone through this intentionalism lecture, you would know that uh that um awareness is ruined by speculative intentionalism. Now we don't actually do the basic fundamental natural things

that we we have and we don't access them and um control structure and status and uncontrolled structure. So since we are always trying to control each other for every perspective people sharing or every control structure people are creating we would like to see how they are controlling what are the recommended flows what are the generalizations what are the information filterings and all those resulting which way like how they want us to change with that control structure and we could see like is it controlling

us or is it trying to be more benevolent more uh more selfless selfless control structure which is uh like like there's it is there's no possibility of creating uncontrolled structure but could we cohesive be cohesive and could we create cohesion and become like not controlling each other. We could not create uncontrolled structure. We can we can mimic the the opposite properties of a control structure. And by by creating this opposition like this is also this is also this is not just something we don't know. We do

this, but we do this to deceive people. But we we got to do this to not deceive people. And that's that's we got to see in in in in in a structure. If somebody's creating, we must have a ability to see how they are uh trying to do that and how much uh control and how how much uh they are going opposite of control. So that's that's that's that's the thing that's very important thing for for a uh education system to uh look at. Yeah. uh recommended flow that uh the devil's desire is to

recommend people flow so people learn things and devil could use it for his benefit and um we could see how many recommended flow how many hidden flows are there which can be positive or negative how many hidden flow is recommended and how many hidden flows are there for the person who is already writing like the whole term whole perspective has some flow that even the uh creator of that structure of that don't know it doesn't know it. So we could we the pointing out them just would be our job and in that in

this uh way we could create more and more perspectives. So learning cycle it we must in every system every management system every control structure every education system we must know how to follow the learning cycle and if if you are not following the cycle learning cycle uh you create force learning and you create anxiety and you create speculative uh intentionalism that make that that that results a destruction of our social structure. So you must follow the whole learning cycle which uh which starts from like your

your personal story because you have a personal story building your thinking. Now I'm sorry I'm I'm I'm feeling weird because I think I'm getting some cold. Uh okay. Anyway, the point is uh yeah, the beginning of cold is really weird. So, the point is um I'm catching some cold. That's the right word. I I'm not a native English speaker. So, uh my language is different. So, that's why I mess up when I talk. The learning cycle is starts with it story. If somebody's

caring about your story, about that story, they act on it. And they when they act that that means they got to speculate to act and when they act they learn something uh from the action uh they analyze the anal an analysis do analysis on that which is projection and which is also a part of uh like learning technique and every thing we think in our brain is as it stays as a thread and we we can only take very few thread at a time or probably just one or two. And after we uh reform, reshape those uh and filter

those thread, we feel like it's now perfectly matching our narrative. So we we we acknowledge them. After we acknowledge them, it gets into your brain and as a neural connection building. And if it is building neural connection, it doesn't want to take any more new information. so that the commitment of that learning or importance of that learning gets weaker uh don't get weaker so that's why we don't want to take any more information that's I call learning breakup and after

the breakup phase ends uh we get a new new idea new philosophy is built up because neural connections are built or uh phil I mean spiritually people say the information goes to the to the bigger consciousness and builds a build network of information or perspectives what you call. So anyway you think um uh uh so the point is then those information with the idea we we have we actually try to share that idea to people because we have a learning pride and when you try to share those ideas to people we see that we are just

manipulating manipulating and manipulating and this way it just keeps going and those are just uh the the things in cycle cycles in uh in in the learning and we must acknowledge them otherwise we would be creating intentionalism more and more and that would just ruin the ruin the whole thing we would we'd get away from the reality and it would be distorted that would not be uh we would be just suffering so that's the point now the next point is that above and below care phase so education system or

any management system must be above about below care phase. So if it is just below care phase like schools, it would not have connection to the economical world and if it is above carefree then it would be just economical not anything about learning. So if you're doing a job you're not learning and if you're learning you're not doing a job. It is a huge problem when you could be just doing a job while you're learning or learning while you're doing at the same time. So the education system or school

should not be different than than a business company and if it is there it will always have problem. It is different it it will always have problem. So one single way to do all those things which is a crazy idea and maybe you do not have like the idea like how to do this right it is not really that tough I think many uh platform on the internet is doing it's not tough to do maybe that's what I think uh but that's the only way so because that's that would The only way I say because that's natural

and uh like like this is creating a problem like we don't have to define thing like like uh like allow positive cohesion to build trust. Yeah, that's like creating uncontrolled structure and access perspectives network without being biased to religion as spirituality and that's only very important part of that that uh you also should should put here science besides also religion science is a troublemaker and it's is master of speculation in the intentionalism and uh now science says it's too trying

to be accurate by discarding a lot of information. How could you? So you will be right in your perspectives only. Out of the perspectives you are wrong. So you have to merge with all those perspectives and find a better theory. But when you don't do that uh you start going different than the natural. So religions and species it should be being with like I don't want to say about a lot of things about this but we should be not being biased towards any of these things to access God but yes of

course uh uh I prefer religion of course I prefer spirituality but that doesn't mean I I shouldn't force it to other people because every person has his own journey own way of exploring things And um uh we should never dis disrupt that and disrupting that would be devilish that would be the job of devil because I think if okay uh charming so we should be naming all those things we should be naming them and um Um like all those perspectives we have, all those story we have, we should name

them. When we name them, they become magical. They become real. Now we can like the the the parallel world that we don't see become real to us. We can think the thinking is a parallel world. It's like that like like a concept. It may it may not be a parallel wall but that's like like a parallel wall. It has all those properties. You could you could you could just think of it and you see that there's all those things there and we could if you name them we could use them like a mathematics

like physics like science that's why we got to name them. And when you name them, you build your own personal framework. Like the whole thing I'm saying here, my own personal framework. You could build your own personal framework. Then we connect them. Everybody connects their personal framework. This is this becomes becomes a greater way to create cohesion and managed anxiety. Uh so we do not do things to be happy. We do things to be surviving in the world and so that anxiety makes us smarter and learn more and happiness

makes us dumb. You see the logic behind this because because uh the our nature of going in a flow getting the comfort zone is really high. We always want to be like anything in your intention is bugging you intentionally. You cannot take much more things. So it you all your job is to just create a intention and learn it by experiencing in the world and then making making this that intention your your character flow or your habit so that you don't have to keep it as intention your autonomous

action to do it for you. So your job is to just just empty your intention, empty your frontal lobe and then you could take more, learn more, get new intention. When you get a new intention, your job is to remove it from intention making it a flow. But then after that you also get another intention, new intention. So this makes us like creating flow all the time. And if we are happy, our intention is to be happy, we are basically always trying to happy not and that would make us dumber every day. So that's that's why man is such a

necessary thing. I think um Islam did don't have Islam doesn't have charge Christian charge which is uh which is like like created the biggest religion uh uh it's not just charged of course the point is the part of Christianity are believed on charge so uh but they they are part of the big one of the religion and now they are the most powerful organization on earth for like thousands of years. So Islam don't doesn't have that yet. Islam created Islam created such a huge religion

uh and uh which is very lucrative spiritually very attractive. I think it's my own understanding. It's because Islam is more about fear and anxiety and managed happiness and managed anxiety. Managed happiness that's what Islam is and uh that's why it created those things. Now know spirituality we we are not supposed to invent things. That's not our purpose. as many spiritual people would say uh though I don't actually understand it so much but uh the development of um civilization using using civilization

using technology is not as great is not as great as we think. uh so we should not uh define or understand try to judge or compare based on that though we do and that's why we are always uh looking for things for that are illusion that are not right and we all we always suffer so that's why I think is that um looking at uh looking at the development and uh we we we see that we are just looking toward being happiness happy. It's not true. Like all those media, all those uh things are saying all those all those

desire of discovery or development are saying that we wanted we want to be happy and we are being more and more uh unhappy. So maybe we should not go toward happiness and we could be more happy without going toward happiness. That could be the thing. So then dismantling dismantling intentionalism and force learning. Yeah. Uh that would the job and use of physics context which we don't use because physics have lot of things lot of properties and we are also inside the physics world and we our

thought processing and our actions or expressions use physics. So this is in emergency importance that we look at and we be aware of those things and is management of materialistic world of computers if it is possible we should be doing this I have some ideas about it and may not be worth because I'm not as good in those in in on in computer so uh but we need to create is management inside computer give people a home where they could do their thing and only they could change that and we don't we don't we do not give

them that we have not give them people that like people uh like like blockchain is used for finance finance is speculative uh but we should give people blockchain Like every why not every computer has a node like a small mini tiny micro node of a blockchain that people could save their own data on I'm sorry data. I mean I'm so my accent is it's not bad of course um uh data and then people could have their like like like they would sh save the information inside their inside their own own node and they would chose who to

broadcast to the world and who's not and uh using the broadcast channel probably we would have share more and more things. I I'm just speculating here. Um and this is this is the reason I I am totally focused on cryptography right and right right now actually I study cryptography right now I'm studying like like is this possible to do something here just out of my curiosity I'm not still good there but my ideas are I do not mind sharing wrong ideas because all those ideas I'm sharing

should not be like uh his hitchcock level shock his cocock level uh surprise. Uh but I also think this is not really uh something you could just discard. The idea is that give people freedom, a home, more manageability and non-randomness in the in in the in the on the web. So the web should not be randomly access random. The information you get on your home feed should not be random like that. It should be based on your in intention. You you directly choose to get information otherwise there should not

be any information and that's the idea. And nobody has done this yet. And people don't. So I think people don't understand about how we work, how narrative is such an important thing. How our personal continuity of narrative is such important thing. We should understand that.

