A lot of things about control but what if the learning cycle that we know has something on the top this the highest highest place on which is purpose and purpose is something that we don't see we don't understand we actually don't understand the purpose at all and uh we so much care about the care phase. So caring is like so vivid and so hormonal. Purpose is not hormonal. There is no hormonal trap in purpose. Let's say you have a hormonal I mean sorry let's say intention intention

about your purpose. That means the moment you have a intention on your purpose you just ruin the purpose. But that's the magic in this ruining there is a magic of purpose that drive us and that's a very uh like natural mechanism of how we learn and let me explain this a um like uh if a thought a thought let's look at a thought thoughts are story and the story has a narrative right and by narrative we know narrative is a flow uh it has a continuity so like all those things are actually

you can say a flow of things now we know human beings are soul what if all those all things are also the same kind of thing like a soul if we are a flow of energy a like a little different from the divine flow like the from the god we have a different mechanism of flow uh that is different from the main flow of god also wants to connect to god not too different not to disconnected or not so dissolve into the main flow so if we are like this why don't we think like everything in this world also like the same made of

same energy and same flow. And what if our thoughts and the context of human context like thinking all those things are also like same thing like like our thoughts and our also energy like the the the theories you may create uh the the the ideas you create are also energy. All the [snorts] story all the narrative all those things are also energy. If you think like that they also have a flow and because of that like we don't think of them. So purpose is not just for human like we human like think of everything

not just about the soul but think of like everything has a soul. Like if you think like that what happens and the magic will come here like what happens there? Can you solve the problem? You see the story or the thought also have a purpose. If you think like that like everything has a purpose like like blend everything and if you see that story has a purpose. We know that scientifically that uh story is uh is is is uh has a purpose. It's pointy. It has it is a vector. It's it is uh a neural like

like if you had the word like uh like in uh I'm sorry I'm I'm forgetting the quotation from some of the some of the greatest uh neuroscientist says that uh neurons fires together wire together which means like like neurons I'm going to write this here neurons fires to fire fire together wire together. And this is a great quote. Um, and basically saying that a neuron groups has a purpose to it to do something which I I call everything. It has a direction. It has a vector and that direction that

vector towards something which is a purpose. So in that case like every tiny things has a purpose and uh as fundamental as you can get if you break the purpose the fundamental breaks down now it doesn't have anything. So if it doesn't have a direction that's why in the learning technique phase we reshape and reform the the thing to match our narrative because it has to match also the direction to our purpose direction to the narrative direction to so this is why we have to create this

reshape reform this information that we take from perception. So now because all of them are firing like together they have a direction they have a context. What does this mean? means that also they let's say build together a bigger purpose and this is where the magic happens like u uh in a in a basket you can have a lot of apple and those apples but everyone will be different. Now your job will be to connect all them together like your job is to connect all those all of them all all of them together to a uh to a

new direction to a new to a bigger purpose and that's what we do. So the moment you I say the moment you use your intention for purpose like we have a purpose that we don't see don't understand purpose is not um accessible but purpose in the moment we know that right now I have to do this that's the purpose in the moment it's really fine it's the is the best way to move but the moment we use some liking like some intention that we we get some intention that I want to be like this. I

want to have this goal. I want to be this in 2 years, 5 years, 7 years or in my life goal. That means intention affects the purpose. And the moment our intention affects the purpose it creates this problem because all our learning who has pointing towards big defined defined thing now has to uh reshaped has to be reshaped to fit the purpose to match the purpose all our learning that's why it takes a lot of time to rewire all those things. It takes a lot of things to do based on our desire or

intention. So the magic is the moment you the moment you find something the moment you find something uh like a intention to become a new purpose to become a new purpose. To fulfill that purpose, we got to change all those things and that be gives us our uh desire to learn and this is why we learn. So in this level in this in this level now we can tell there are many many way many level we learn uh because of different different reason. Now we learn in this level for this reason. So it's a driving mechanism.

So usually smooth learning means that you don't actually use your intention. You just go with your narrative. Now when you use intention you go through this phase of suffering. So what is the intention creates suffering like if you intentionally create a purpose you suffer you suffer to connect all connect your whole learning. So that's not a breaking of narrative that's building narrative. We know that by narrative that you don't you should not break your narrative and if you break your narrative you get

similar kind of suffering. That's why we don't find the difference between breaking narrative and working hard to uh fulfill our own intention on own goal. So these two different thing yet we don't find the diff difference it seems like the same thing and we mess up because while we want to do the hard work we actually sometimes we choose a different narrative that's too different and we also want to p uh uh achieve that too and that breaks the whole thing. Yet by keeping narrative

you also need to learn something some purpose and uh you also have to suffer to connect this thing. This is a similar thing and you can also call it same thing but uh it also happens like this kind of suffering happens even if you are in your narrative. So by learning I mean it doesn't doesn't escape suffering and that's why it's it can be called adventures right now there's a point there like purpose is not care face it's above so above caring that we usually don't see that

don't understand that don't want to think about our purpose intentionally. So when we actually already do are not scared or anxious about our purpose like what we will do in life or although if we don't have them our narrative would eventually would give us to our purpose and purpose like in the moment purpose but not the whole life purpose is a wrong thing like I said before but if you don't have a whole life purpose your learning is smooth and but when you have a purpose for your whole thing you got

this suffering problem that doesn't mean we don't need that yeah we we we got do many things many way and we take challenges we are so brave to do that we do all those kind of things because we need them and God requires us to learn many many things to uh uh to do something to understand something So now this way what you what you got is that you can really do some mathematics you can do some really good calculations of like what becomes what. So let's say a recommended flow recommended flow means a a flow that's

recommended by other people. Now flow means habit here uh by recommend flow I always mean learning flow or habit or your character flow your personal flow not the whole universe physics flow of energy not that I'm talking about this level but of course everything is flow that's why I uh like this is so confusing so now recommend flow let's say recommend flow uh like uh static set a desire for it in in in a person and the desire like like a person when I talk about a person a person is energy energy flow

but everything also energy flow let's say energy flow and also this setting a desire also energy flow so not so different all those things we just don't think think of them like we just want to think like like all are soul let's say this is unsold this is a soul and this is a soul all those things are soul they all are distinct different flow than the main that's why everything can be think as a soul not literally I'm not going to say that we everything is soul uh but we know that everything is alive

when we think that everything is alive uh by spiritual many many people say but Like technically when you analyze those things this way you see that everything actually has a soul. Uh you don't have to believe it. You you just understand it authentically. This is very authentic way to describe things that you don't you think like okay this is looks this sounds really convincing. You don't have to believe it just without understanding. Now you can understand it this way. Now because of that like like

all all those things are solar flow let's say let's say a person uh like has a recommended flow by other other some other control structure and that recommended flow has created desire and that desire created in that person a uh like that's it desire is the intention right so that intention is now setting up a purpose and but that purpose is a a a few like a little uh far away from his narrative personal narrative. So he has to work on it. He has to learn going through the learning cycles to uh

com like all his concept all a person has a lot of concept lot of uh little and small stories all the stories has to be uh pointed towards that new purpose. So for that reason everything changes. For that reason everything goes towards um like our whole thing changes. We can literally people launch things and we can predict what what they are going to learn how they're going to learn and what they are going to become in the long run. So I will give you as an example like um uh let's say

a place there's a place in a place and there are 1,000 people in that area and 1,000 people are trying to do their best to survive and feed and provide for their family and God just came in and God took all of their wealth and resources and gave all of them to a single person in that area. And that single person now becomes the richest and going to ask them like like what do you want to go do now? Because all the people in that area are now poor. They don't have anything to eat or survive. So they the only one person

have this thing now they all rebel against that person and they attack that person. So what the person do is he tells everyone that everyone will get everything they want. I'll give you everything you need. Just come and you just your job is to just come and ask me. And whoever coming and asking for money or food, he's giving them that thing like you need money to feed your family, take it from him. And he's giving away everyone coming to his coming to him. And this way everyone is happy that they are getting money.

And the person is like okay uh if I do this way my personal narrative like I if all all the time I am feeding people and helping them giving them money I my personal narrative is not going to be fit. So I I I have to figure out a way so that I can focus on my own thing not ser uh uh serving the people. Let's think about that person as all the politicians in your area who has like who are doing this similar way like uh they just uh want to serve yet they they don't want to destroy their own personal narrative. they have

a desire of their uh of the continuity of their own personal narrative. So what they do is uh they ask for u like u uh what he say what he do do does it he ask everyone that if you want money from me my money will be uh over in a few few days or few months. So what you got to do? You got to work. You got to do something, build something so I could use them uh to sell them and get money and I could I could give my money to you. So all it does is is ask everybody and people agrees that they will work and do

some work because of the work they will get some money from the person. So this way the person starts as a like private company or public company private company. So he starts uh a factory start producing some products and make all everyone use and also he has his all land and everything in every place he use all the people to work for him and on in the result he gives them money. Now people have no other way but to work for that person because they have no other way to survive in that place. So

what I do is let's say this is not about God giving everyone. Let's say this is about like God taking money from everyone and giving to one person. Just think about like this that in the 1,000 people at some point in the economics will lose their belongings, their wealth and their money and they'll go to the rich person. Like if you don't like there's no there's no god in this scenary but normally naturally what will happen that in every few month or every few days some of those person will lose their

belongings lose their wealth lose their resources and will will go to the rich this person to ask for a job and at one point like a few years or decade of time frame everyone will have this reset economical reset. So this is called this is I call economical reset that slowly slowly everyone will lose their wealth resources and will go to the this person and become his slave. they will do a job for him this way like in natural way normally if there is a place and there is a this person every time

people uh in every scenario I I mean it doesn't matter how many experiment you do people will always at some point do work just for this one single dispersion because they will have to do it otherwise they will not have any other I'm sorry I remove all those things okay what just happened yeah okay I got them back okay So this will happen for everybody. This will happen for every situation. Every time people will give their money to I mean give their power to the the rich person. Now if you think that person as

your political leader, the political leader would have the problem or not able to uh serve the people all the time. What you would like to do is create a company or factory and the company would give them a license to enslave people because a political leader cannot enslave people. That would be bad for him. But when you create a company, that company would give you license to enslave enslave people and you will sit and do your own personal narrative but people will work for you and you will be the king. So

this way every economical situation works on earth. Now the job for you is to use this perspective mechanism that I described before like how we change things how we create desire in people how people's intention create a purpose and how we we then people go through the learning cycle and develop this way people develop and their thinking mechanism change their idea changes. If they change then what will happen in scenarios where people are not being the slave in which situation in which way people

would not become slave like I'm going to coin a term here purpose engineering Let's engineer the purpose. Let's engineer the learning cycle. Let's engineer all those things we have described in this lecture. And uh let's let's let's um give people those things like how to how you can change people make people learn and in the result of those learning what happens and which way we can actually save people save us from this problem. You see these companies will have managers whose job is to

manage those people and our desire would always become to become the managers. We always want to be the managers because that's comfortable job we think like and just working working. So these are all our slaves but we always want to be this and there's always be be the be the leader who is trying to uh use the situation and um this always create a problem that people wants to uh like uh like like like the suffering doesn't end and we always get back to the problems like if If you have a lot of money, you

would not have problem. But if you don't have money, the moment you don't have money, you go back to the begging. You you go back to begging. But when you don't beg, what happens? Like there is no place to beg. There is no place to begging. you actually can't feed your family. So you give up. I mean it's not just about feeding but can provide. Let's say you can provide because this you have desire to raise your kid in a uh in a way but now you cannot provide for it. So you on

point you stop caring about every social structure because if if you love your child you want to provide for them just because of a social structure you can call like biological or everything but let's call it social structure and at some point you have to give up keeping up that social structure and if you give up keeping up the social structure you escape from the from your uh story, escape from your life. So you you you take drugs and uh because you take drug you go for escapism. Now you really really

uh loving this escapism. Now the social structure gets broken because you are not providing your child is fighting to fighting back fighting for all what they need and they get angry and at some point they also don't care about the social structure and it breaks down everything breaks down so that that's the cycle of like uh you can call this rat utopia uh research And you can look for it and see how DPO works. And this is like a similar kind of this is the same thing. This is the situation I'm talking about.

But your job right now I give you think of how we can do this to to save us how we can use this. So purpose is such a powerful thing. And let's look at this this way.

