So in last lecture we have talked about how status uh control is the problem that we always uh have the reset and the cycle. Uh we trigger a cycle there triggerment of a cycle of course and we could talk about it. Uh one of the another thing we will talk about today is actually more about the status and control and pride how it all how it actually uh becoming a defining factor. So we know that pride is coming from ego that ego is a ego ego is a speculation like speculated ego speculated ego is a

uh ego is pride. So is still pride is still below care phase. You can it is and um it's necessary it pride is one of the fundamental way of uh learning works. So first pride we have is that our ego gives us is that we got to be different than different than the main flow or main god. uh a little different so that we are different soul. And the another pride is that we look at changes and uh have a pride to predict like we this this you know that uh we we have pride to predict things and in when

we look at changes we look at many many uh flows because our job is also to look, observe and analyze the world and then pride again comes when you learn something when you observe and you learn something you want to share it with other people you have a pride in yourself of that uh which is I call learning pride in that level now to this level is fine But the moment you use your pride to belittle someone or control someone. So like uh the moment you try you use your pride to belittle or control. So

this is the trigger for the trigger moment. This is a trigger moment of uh satanic speculation because uh the devil would wait for this moment and use any of the pride as a as let's say the pride of a really uh bad person who would literally uh would use this pride to say that I am God or I am better than God or I am something like this. Uh some people would do that would say that this in this level of uh like literally having an um difference from with the god because of our different like we are

different soul yet we're coming from the god. But someone would feel like that. And here someone would feel like also that uh uh we can create and see things and uh we may be like God. We may be close to God or something and like like those kind of pride can come here to belittle somebody. maybe belittling God, belittling other people and other entity on the on the world. You see that and you use your pride to belittle control. I'm sorry, not control, belittle uh in this in in in learning pride

section here. Uh where is the third third? I have not written probably the third one which is learning pride. Now uh when in the in this in this section of learning pride when you learn something the devil could use your pride to speculate some hormonal research hormonal and could create a flow like flow means if you don't understand if you want to manipulate people with flow your job would be just uh repeating hormonal flow and that would slowly become a character flow. So this is this way David could David

could do that or many things could do that and uh we would feel like we learn something I know something so I'm better than other people so pride could be speculated this way pride could be called an above clear face we fight for status which is the speculation of ego here, population of pride here. So if you if you uh look at the story from the Bible uh about uh I'm sorry from Quran uh about the devil is not willing to um um bow down in front uh to the to the Adam to Adam to and he has this pride

and he becomes the devil if uh so my um calculation I mean not calculation my my observation I mean sorry what the what speculation so my speculation would be is actually using The pride when you learn something and using that pride speculated as a being better than other pe other other entities other people is what actually the definition of something devil and we look at history and look at the collapse of society and this is the reason every time we fight for the status. Look at your area and you see look at your family and you

will see it's not about food. It's not about anything. Uh we actually we we did not even need to grow food. Uh we could just have it on earth. Just our uh speculative nature of anxiousness anxiety that and management like speculative management made us to grow food at some point. But now what we see it's all about just our pride and that we are better than other people or controlling other people and trying to uh like make of the world from this and this is I call the fight among status.

So this is a fight among status. You understand? Crazy as it sounds, uh this is a problem behind everything I think and um this would not be possible without one single thing added in single thing is word. So this would not be possible. Um one thing I had to clarify that uh I'm not trying to be religious here. I'm not trying to be spiritual here. you you would if you if you come through all the lectures you would understand that I am not trying to be religious or spiritual but I'm trying to use

logic to define to understand the world and uh spirituality they will go even aliens what you think whatever you think existing or non-existing all the properties is they are here because of like um we are influenced by them even they are existing or non-existing the and another logic is We are whenever we thinking of something is always is al is is existing at that point when you are thinking of something. So this way we uh we are like u uh never to unacnowledge I mean discard anything because things have influence on us and

we got to acknowledge them and uh also I'm not saying I don't believe on anything I I have my personal belief of God spiritually that's uh I I do not try to bring up bring it here the way I try to have a idea a a picture that I'm trying to understand I'm trying to share it with you so that you would get an understanding maybe and some idea to like like if they are something worth hearing But um the point is uh it's all about opinions and understanding and authenticity. So

now uh let's say I have to explain you this because of the problem of wording because wording and what inside us has some really different like uh difference like big difference. So uh our words we say and the fundamental feelings that we have in ourself that we use to explain us that we know we understand like we understand things with our fundamental feelings and we have to translate those feeling to word and which is a troublesome uh thing which is really because word actually is a form of interaction medium.

Wording actually is expression. It's not a fundamental feeling. It's expression. So like you are expressing something with your body like your hand. And uh that doesn't mean this is absolutely what I believe in but I'm trying to do this. because of my muscle memory or something uh like I could do things many uh things I could be creative uh without feeling them in heart because uh like words also seem something like that. What are interaction med? Interaction mediums and the purpose of

interaction mediums are to be used as a learning tool. So we gain experience by using introduction mediums. So if introduction mediums are learning tool they are big question marks like they are questioning and answering. So when you try to say something deep down actually you're trying to answer your question or you're trying uh like you are answering your questions yet all those questions are act I mean uh all those answers let me start so all those uh answer that you are trying to give or

trying to say are actually uh some form of questioning like answers or some form of questioning that's the point of introduction medium. So in the whole world whatever you are doing are some uh type of questioning uh because you are you want to learn those things because of your uh the purpose engineering things that I talked about in previous and and many way we try to learn things try to understand things and that's why all those things are about questioning all those answers are about questioning

So when somebody is saying something that's not what they believe or they know or they understand it's just they don't know that they are talking about some idea and when they talk those idea they actually clarify them they see the problem in them they see the because it's a learning medium it's the introduction medium the idea is to share to gain experience and find the mistake So this is the reason we must express ourself. So wording could be a great tool. Warding could be a great tool

um to learn to learn if we just could use wording uh to uh to to just answering questioning not as a absolute truth. show you not as a defining character of some people not as a label of some person. So when you try to label some person by their words here is a is is a intentionalism of Satan intentionalism of devil that this is also a speculative intentionalism where devil try to uh make us feel like what is the absolute truth. So we want to feel like what is the absolute truth and um we uh we got to

uh we got to judge people on that. trigger level. But because we do that, you see and uh we slowly also lose our uh connectivity with each other connectivity using empathy. So our the tool of communication communication with which our brain talks with each other it can access each other's consciousness with uh like a fundamental feelings or empathy. So we actually those fundamental things we we could just lose access to that we could lose uh like I said escapism is the is a way to lose connection to intuition to ideas uh

to those uh to those things. So basically the moment you have an intention using intentionalism like intention you cannot access those information or access uh those things. Intention cannot give you access to the greater consciousness if you try to do that intentionally. Only when it is a flow in your character, it is a desire or purpose that moment it works. But consciously with intention you will not be able to you would not be able to access those because your intention would have an idea and there that would just conflict

with with the idea you may not even see the idea it's coming but you would not be able to grasp it grab it because of your intention has a much more vivid power it's more vivid it's more real so uh we do the is escapism we we actually lose intuition. So we cannot. So wording actually wording actually gives us gives uh or we call evolution a opportunity uh should not call opportunity a way to escape our connectivity with each other. like we slowly we're learning to escape that because it's wording and

uh because now we are losing the connectivity with each other. Warding creates conflict and that conflict is why we communicate really bad and we judge people by their word. We uh we do not understand that we are supposed to learn and we are supposed to say everything. Uh we have a pride. We we want to share everything. We could share everything if our pride would not be broken. Our personality would not be broken. And when we try share our pride, share our ideas, it was uh it was actually it would be uh really great if you share

share with our idea. uh we would learn, we would understand, we would find our mistakes and all those things. But we would not we cannot do that anymore because our words are definite defining factor of our characters. And that's literally making everybody like suffocating and like u shutting off and uh like like u killing all their expressions deep down and just living like a robot or like a zombie. So we are actually mental zombies because of this reason. And um so warning has a huge impact on on us

and uh that's why wording is a type of speculative intentionalism whose purpose is to uh discourage us from the uh empathy based connection and uh like linguist you know linguist is a problem. You can we can see but we it could be used like a great way and we uh like like I said they looks for the opportunity to how to uh manipulate and control us. So uh now uh since uh warning creates those kind of problem and it's also gives a is it's a free pass it's a free pass to control because

now I can think of controlling you deep down you see Control is a speculation from our ego like you have se I've talked before and from there because we got control nature from the ego being better than other people from from the learning uh learning uh learning pride and then we got uh like being creative power from uh observing the world that ego also coming in. So like all those egos are making us feel like we are better. We can control people in the care phase that's become a uh chaos. We try by trying to control

each other in the economics. So because our focus on the economics because it's a vivid it's a real thing and the purpose of devil is to make this more and more real. Now we try to focus on that more and um that's why now we have wording so we lose connectivity to our each other. Now we have freedom to have things in mind but say other thing with words and this way we got the all those field theory feel feel good bad and sacredness and all those and uh sacredness is a like absolute from God to make people

learn thing instantly. And I believe spirituality and many religions they try to be good but they did not leave a chance uh to put some problem in them. Sacredness is not a problem all the time but in many cases uh like wrong things can be instantly acknowledged because of feeling of separateness. So uh now this way we are creating a world where we would always going through the loop and this is the devil's plan would be like how to destroy how to manipulate how to create the pride use the pride to

destroy us uh to ruin us to ruin the happiness peacefulness on on earth And uh so it's it's a I say um warning is a free pass to control because it hides the fact that we are uh trying to control deep down but it doesn't work for so long because uh if you look at society if you look at society people crazy sounds. People still uh like who are not so developed are still looking at us each other looking at each other and trying to talk with empathy. And like I said, warning still doesn't matter because people

actually learn those fundamental feelings. They can they can copy things. They can they can actually like copy the perspective, the story, the concept, the fundamental feelings to in in themselves from another person. like copy the flow they can copy the flows also from other people and they can have the character in themselves by learning them. So what uh word doesn't have a meaning actually it doesn't actually help language doesn't actually help us understand each other it just a tool of control tool of

mechanism because we just learn those perspectives when you when you deliver something some dialogue some warning we actually delivering a perspectives And that perspective gives us things and warning is like a on top of things that giving us some meaning. But more than that it is actually to control our understanding. wording actually precisely controlling our understanding like uh uh I mean let's say how complex I'm talking uh so this is really complex thing so if I am really talking this complex

because of wording because I have now more control over the words and more control over your understanding how you try to understand these things I have more control to um manipulate that so you would understand this better. So far if you if you are thinking about controlling I think you are you don't know that the range of controlling how how how how how wide this is. So for that reason I um like like this could be the devil's plan right I I I I I don't understand a lot of things but

this should be like something like this uh the plan of plan of devil and uh yeah crazy this House.

