The beauty of cycles and the network of karma as we understand that things doesn't go always as we want because there is some uh plan that David put up on us and um it's hard to fight and we don't actually know there are a lot of flaws that we don't know a lot of things going on and all those going on things in the human contracts that are built uh that running us. We and no matter how much we try we can see some of those but many many of them of them like we would not be able to see that are the driving

mechanism of us and probably only go God could just see them and uh some higher intelligence could see them. So basically uh intelligence means uh like uh like controlling flows like like controlling the flows of things like flows of uh our thinking and um so if you're trying to control your feelings uh flows by different different mechanism and different different shade of uh character or um uh texture in your character you used to live by and um those character those character is what conventionally we think of as the

intelligence. So in this is basically our character and our defined decision making and understanding. So these things we have but for most people and most cases it is manipulated towards speculation I mean towards intentionalism uh by speculation as you understand so far. So we have some really critical situation here. Some of those things we don't even understand that the network of perspective we know that is there we don't understand. We don't we can reach it personally but we we know that is there

like I I call this is the concept of parallel uh uh un let's say parallel world. This is this is a parallel network parallel world from us. This is a network of things a network of perspectives. But with the network of perspectives which is like the the all our perspectives are build uh like on from another like a network and uh if any perspective is missing that could be predicted from other perspectives. So when this prediction happen that's the new idea we always bring up. Uh let's say you have a lot of ideas and

you forget them. But let's say if you forget one piece of the ideas all other ideas would bring up their own idea like how you are thinking and bringing up some new idea. The same thing would always bring up that idea for you unless you change. So that's why network of perspective is really real uh is is there but there are more network there and one of them is that our wording our actions and uh like all the all those things we do in the care phase after above care phase even even below care phase all

those mean like We actually have a uh network of actions. So our actions are uh uh coming from another action resulting another action resulting another action in another person and resulting another person another. So all those actions are different because every action has perspectives. So that's why uh also uh all those uh the perspective network can access the network of action also because those also have this action uh perspective but actions in this world in the human context which is invisible

world. In human context we know unreachable invisible world that is there observable and network of actions like everything every human every person everything is related by action on action depict uh connects to another another like sim. So if you know something, if you know something, you you create perspectives also. If you act something, you also uh change the world by your action. The whole world changes because of your actions because everything is connected. Uh which is really simple and intuitive

to understand that uh everything is result of something. And the network of action is some way uh people call karmic karmic what uh karmic retribution I I forgot the word it's not retribution retribution is some other thing uh but karmic u uh better s with the network right that's why every thinking you have everything thinking you have has a result but if you think like uh let's say you think like only only above care face is economically actionable but our thoughts that we don't care and don't don't act

it still changes us inside so it's not directly action actionable but indirectly every learning results towards our action and changes the perspective of that action. This is uh this this way this sounds so crazy. This sounds so crazy that we get in uh like like few network there is there but one is karmic network uh like actual network and on is perspective network and um I believe uh layers there's the above layer above thing like like our fundamental feelings this is the building block the

fundamental feelings which is like uh we feel something we can express those things but they are used to understand the world even wording. So those fundamental feelings actually uses the perspective network. It can access the prospective network and uh karmic network and karmic network is much more accessible with our intention but the perspective network can't really be accessed with intention. The moment you have intention it you can't even understand can't even connect can't get

new ideas from it. So that's that happens. So this and uh so that results something u really crazy actually because all those things are connected now nothing is out of anything is separated nothing is alone nothing is um in in like every action has a has some reaction some changes to the world and this is the result is synchronization So this is what a civilizational synchronization I call I it's not I call it's the definition is new because I'm giving the definition but we all know

that there is synchronization happens um so a few more understanding to this world that every action and every perspective glues together and uh that defines a world and uh that world has something uh like like negative uh and positive but only the negative on all our negative action and negative perspectives has to be unlearned. And uh to unlearn a negative thing, we got to we got to we got to we got to suffer. We got to go through anxiety and go through action of uh learning. You got to go through those phases those

going through the learning cycles learning all those things we go through. So the trigger of a learning cycle learning cycle basically mean is uh that like it's is spiritually talking like technically we know the anxiety trigger the learning cycle but much more fundamentally if you if you if you try to try to think that learning cycle triggered by The desire to unlearn uh negative perspectives uh thoughts whatever you call and actions that you do all those things that are in us now we have the memory we

have the thoughts that already built into us so we we changed by those negative action it's not just it went away and because it we we suffer on earth. If you if you think about it your negative actions you regret you suffer and you dissolve you revive and you fix those learning. But if you are doing too much bad or maybe you are not uh going through the uh reaction of you moral not suffering then all those things had to be unlearned before you meet God before you before you dissolve into maybe I'm not saying I

don't understand the dissolving thing I I don't think I just I'm just sorry I just said that word out of out of nowhere. So we got to we when we go back toward if the go if we want to be part of the god again uh we cannot have negative learning in in us. So as we cannot have negative learning in us we got to go through the hell uh to unlearn those things by suffering. just the idea I have no I have no I have no idea it's true or bad because I think uh it resonates with some concept of

religions like hell and heaven and many people agree with hell and heaven uh the point is just this just my way of understanding this thing at this moment I am keep I'm I'm evolving every time so I don't know how you will say tomorrow about it. So that's the concept. So this way we go through the hell and heaven uh like heaven is going to the world and hell is far away from God but hell is also suffering. We got to suffer because we go from farther from God. We get we we naturally we get more and more

anxiety, more and more pain. So we learn and fix those things and slowly we come back to God. That's one way to think about it. And uh let's say the thinking about um the like uh this uh what do you call this? I I forget this word word every time. It is a I going to say karmic I'm going to say retribution. Uh so that's the word coming to me. I know this is not the right word. So karmic retribution is happening through this you you can say this this thing is going as a karmic retribution

like we going through our suffering because of our karmic karma and um like the the network of action is always moving by this this is the driving mechanism the suffering learning and anxiety and doing bad and coming back with learning. That's the mechanism of this world. This how the world is moving forward. I believe the world is not supposed to be super happy but it goes through the cycle and every almost I understand that not probably everything but we see that there is cycles everywhere and cycling

uh I'm sorry cyclic things in the world is is is is a fundamental like no one else to describe something is usually easier to describe something with cyclic cycling if you want to understand that how human context is built you'll see that I I I have not like figured out the whole thing yet but the all those things is h does have a cycle all those things go through some cycle and we come back with some uh understanding and learning and when we learn something the whole context improves and I call this layerism

because all those things are part part of a layer and that layer are is improving every day and uh if you if you can put something in the layer uh of civilization context that's the uh that's how we probably improve and um still uh this would not solve the every problem. this this idea will not solve everything and I I think learism solves a lot of problem if you try to really use it like if you do some p some uh purpose engineering I said before you can really improve the layer and you

can see that the layer can be improved h it's not a really uh tough thing it's not and when the layer is improved you can see that how the karmic retribution or the network of perspectives keep changing throughout the world. That's because we are it's not just we accessing the similar information. We are also um uh coping each other's copy the world uh coping each other's uh habit or flow or learning. We can we can we can basically take others people's learning and and take it and put it in

us and we do that. We can we we usually do that uh but the moment we get intentional we cannot do that anymore. So this is like a crazy experiment. You can try, you can try doing it. And uh

