Hi, so we're going to talk about the end in family garage and hubies. So good morning and let's start with this. So we don't have the way we could do the spirituality and we are too intentional and for that reason we could not build the cohesion. the community, the strong bond, the connection and communicating with each other. We could not do it anymore. We don't do that. [gasps] And um let's say if we are really connected with our kid and we could understand each other. A child when a child is born with all his

uh power and ability that is uh all uh we can see in them and uh they start living like like like a doll like a like a a not so live to us. We start taking them for granted. And in the beginning we try to get we want to have kid. We would not be happy without kid. We need kid. We need children for ourself. At the moment we have kid, we start looking at them as a different entity and uh we do not try to build that with like understand with understand them using the ability of our uh empathy but we actually try to connect with your kid

with with with wording with intentions with uh by not looking at them. So we take them for granted. So we don't look at them for we don't observe them and for that reason if you see that uh we enforce our own intention and own narrative to them because we see there's a big problem that we don't believe that something would just happen. We believe we have to make happen and that's intentionalism. [sighs] Uh for that reason we want to have our kid to make our kid something that is desirable

and we try to judge them by the capability of them trying to them of of their capability of being that thing you want. We judge them by that and if they not we don't we judge them poorly. So the difference is that that instant purpose is a thing that every moment gives a person a purpose to do something in the moment and it would literally uh give them like natural it's a natural purpose engineering I said if uh naturally a person would be able to improve uh like it's not improve But the

narrative would continue and they would grow. They would automatically reach the places God wants them to be. And what we do is we try to uh don't believe in that. We try to uh enforce our intention so that we are we were sure that it will happen. But in that case we try to be sure to make something happen. We could not because we don't understand their narrative. Their narrative breaks down and they they break down. They they can't actually do the thing anymore or anything they want. They just uh become

the master of escapism that I say that they start uh skipping everything even their intuition and their ideas. So uh I have to understand that does family control to understand that if family controls a child is born because we needed a child after the child is growing growing up and we see that we cannot control their narrative they are strong or uh they are not cohesive or cooperating. So the reason they are not cooperating because we lose the connection with them and um we actually uh using our hubris because they're a

child. We use our hubris to uh behave as we want anyway. we like we we don't have managed behaviors with our kids and that creates a hubris and that creates the grass in the in in the kid and we lose the connection. So like like first one to 3 years we we when things happens like this the kid uh starts being uh different uh that then it would naturally be with with with with the connection with the parents. So what we do we do is we get scared again. We feel like okay um uh screw school love we got to make our kid

uh so that they don't break the whole structure of the family. So we try to control the kid now in many ways because we screw up uh we we don't have any faith and now we just want to control the kids so they don't break the structure of the family and uh if they do that um they would have literally problem with their u retirement plan. retirement plan. I mean the in the old days people would would not be able to uh survive without their kid and that's the faith in people and that's why uh

the retirement plan comes comes in when we we feel like we can't control our kid and that creates a huge uh fight that would never nobody would give up a kid would not give up their narrative. and the parents would not uh lose their future security in the for the for the old days. So this becomes a fight and uh the the most of the family dramas comes from this thing. Now we we understand that if you ask does family control or do family control? Yeah. We control each other and this provider this family is also a control structure

and we got to be enforcing rules and we got to be control the uh community and uh to control the community since we don't have the cohesion uh the understanding and bonding with each other we would always u end creating u hubies because I am a elder, you are a younger, I am father, you are a uh child and uh I would try to control you. I would not I would use like a like I said I I take the youngers for granted or even some elders who are not in power. I would take them for granted and I would use my control to them and

they would also try to take over and take the control away from me to become uh the powerful one. They will try to do that also. The scams always continues and um we we keep going with this uh narrative and at some point of course it all breaks down and uh we lose the structure and we build we separate family and uh that was that caused the problem of like [cough and clears throat] u the natural way of being uh with the family and the power of family. We would lose that in the situations and that this would give us no solution and

we would be always scared of that our families uh also going to be the same have the same problem. Like if a kid is coming from a broken family, he would think like his family would also go broke. And um he would not have trust in the system in the family and he would do the same because there's no trust. He would uh you need intention now and intentionally uh control the outcome of your family. So now he would do the same to his kid and this loop would just keep going on. Um so this uh it's like I say that that since

this is a kid and we we get scared and try to judge the kid based on their capability of being something in the future what we create is clash among our narratives and enforce narratives is clash because we try to enforce our narrative to them and they don't understand they don't learn it because there's There's a thing called there's a limit a person like like without intention people could copy each other's uh flow each other's learning but with intention you cannot actually copy each

other's intention and narrative if I try to enforce it and also you go through the learning cycle and I don't know which in which point you are and I would be enforcing something and you're probably in the breakup phase you don't want to listen any more information there so it keep would keep happening. So uh the clash between narratives would happen and uh the the the powerful ons will show their hubris and uh uh the weak ons will show their will show their garage where the garage okay so which

creates full-blown intentionalism in our mind that we only worship intentionality because now this creates a conflict stress and anxiety. Now the job of anxiety in this situation would make the world more and more real and vivid and would you make you smarter because you you all all you want to do is use your intentionalism use your techniques to be someone. So like like like to pass this to fight this to solve this conflict. This way you start woriing intentionality. So intentionality keeps growing, keeps

coming. It comes from the family first. So it's it's just the way this is crazy that intentionality is not accurate in most cases as it can't access the greater consciousness. So intentionalism is not the most accurate thing unless you're really good at predicting things intentionally. Some people are really smart they could but still at some point like like it's really short time they could be accurate. the most of the time people are going to be wrong and their uh mental uh re this I'm sorry uh reality

the state of the reality mental reality get will get distorted uh and uh because of this distortion people would feel bad uh people would come back back to society and family again uh to synchronize with the with the society which is which is um a very common thing. Yeah. Now which is a very common thing. So we usually to get the access to the greater consciousness is to have a desire or purpose towards something. So if you have a desire and a purpose but you do other thing that's the way you get information because

um they say you are trying to understand something you have a desire try to you have a purpose you can't understand it you give up you go and do other things and now you get ideas of that thing that you give up so that's how it works for human beings as crazy as it sounds when you give up you get knowledge because intentionalism uh intentionality loses and uh you you you get connection with uh with the god. So the reason we gain ideas while doing other things because we don't have intention at those moments. So our mind

could access and naturally uh all ideas needed to fulfill the desire. But when a kid is fully committed to worshipping intentionalism, they fail to access the greater consciousness and suffer miserably. This causes really suffering for the kid because uh they they start woriing intentionalism, start being clever, start being um uh much more uh smart, uh cunning, fighter, uh angry. Anger because anger is a is is is is the extreme phase of intentionalism because you ask that with anger because is the absolute

reality now you can tolerate this breaking of some structure in that reality you must keep it and that's why an anger is a is is a host case of um intentionalism But also uh anger is really natural and normal. I'm not I'm not villainizing an anger anger because it is really necessary also uh because honest people who has this uh who who faces and observes the ethical paradox of uh genuine thinking, ethical paradox of manipulation, communication. When people see that they get angry with them, angry with uh

themsel and they develop more and and more and they understand the world better and better. So anger actually makes the world more real, more understanding. So that's a part of intentionalism also. But it's also a learning tool. Like you said, I'm not against intentionalism. This is not what I mean. It's a discussion about speculative intentionalism and uh normal intentionalism that helps us to create this intentional world. The world is created by God within uh and he put intentions in intentional being like

us in the world and now the devil could use this intentions and speculate and make us do bad things. That's the whole picture. So although suffering brings crud against the family and the world. Okay. Now we'll talk about the evolvement here. Evolution or evolvement. I think it's the word evolution probably the word. So evolution means like it's like a theory of everything there is. Uh but this is not theory of everything. This is everything theory by me because I make weird theories. I make I I give

them name that doesn't even make sense. So everything theory means you go through evolution through a lot of things. Let's say you are learning music you got to go through the phases you go through the listening period listen understanding the how to listen understanding how to uh uh sing how to uh make those things together. So you grow uh in every situation, every way you try to learn some topic, you go through the evolution and everything everything evolves and these things evolves into really weird

way. The family drama gives us some uh some problem. Uh this is crazy because you probably think this kid would really be suffering in his life. So he should be uh sad. But actually these people can't even stand the world without being happy. So they try to be extra happy. They're smiling. They're talking in every situation. They're smiling because they can't handle the normal world anymore. Uh they don't have the brain is uh uh burned out and they can't really uh without a extra pressure

ringing. Without extra pressure they can't even uh think. So they always have to be happy to say their mind that it's fine don't worry no problem then uh so what happens is that we create a psychopath because people who smile in situations in all situations basically become psychopath that's the characteristic of psychopath but normally not everybody is psychopath it's very low situation but what I'm thing is normally people who like try to be smiling like try to be happy after the suffering are

actually uh I'm sorry after after the trauma are actually is called post-traumatic uh sorry growth which is like in that in the post-traumatic growth people try to be happy to say that okay we we're good And after the post-traumatic growth uh like using the pendulum effect like people go through the phases of uh life and uh uh they become happy sad and slowly slowly it just uh beings of the normality at in some way in some in some uh way for them. So this is how actually we uh try to fight those family stress,

family drama and family trauma [gasps and sighs] and uh the evolution of everything here is that everything if you uh you actually when you try to learn music and slowly you learn the uh the notes, the instruments, the voice the listening power that would be all right if you think like that would be all that's the music uh what what you don't think like physics is music you like we don't need to learn that we don't need to learn our social structure for music every like don't need to learn mathematics because

we just want to do music but slowly like if you are a mathematician your music and mathematics will connect and you'll explain mathematics from music and you ma explain music from mathematics you try to do that that's what I I say everything theory because now everything you know can be describable by everything you know as evolvement happened that's because our desire to make everything a perspective uh from the desired perspective So this is a game of perspective. We using this game we actually develop

the network of perspectives without intention. So things that are not in intention we can say unconscious things but those things happen. Now the result of this kind of uh growth, post traumatic growth that we try to see the whole world from that lens. When you try to look at the whole world from the lens of anxiety, stress and abuse, trauma and post-traumatic growth and post-traumatic disorder, you can see anxiety, we can find anxiety everywhere, stress everywhere. And that's the reason that's the reason

that we think anxiety is a is a villain. And most most disorders in psychology are anxiety related uh explicitly and uh others are result of anxiety. But what do you think is that that hides the way that how anxiety helping us to learn because their ability to live without being happiness like with enforcing happiness is ruined. They can't they can't live normally. they can't actually u face or u face regulation they can tolerate regulation. You see the whole thing in the family is that if

if the hubris and grass is there there is no regulation in that family because everybody is fighting everyone. Emotional regulation, uh character development, personal boundary, all those things comes from regulation. And if you cannot go in front of regulation because that gives you a fear of control like fear of others controlling others can control you with regulation and because of this normal social structure cannot be built. This regulation builds the actual social structure and relationships.

So the regulations are social structures and relationships. So when the when the regulations are uh not tolerable, we fear of other people controlling us with regulation. H at those point we see the whole world using this and we try to fight anyone regulating. So that's the modern world today. You see um this sounds really scary, really bad. This is a loop. This is a paradox. This is this keeps going. It doesn't stop. Uh it's always going to help or hurt us many way. But anxiety is the defining factor for our learning.

You can't just uh hate it. You got to manage. You got to use managed anxiety, managed happiness. And that's the truth.

