We have talked about the family stuff and how family creates uh the intentionalism so much that we actually has no way but to give up to our autonomous nervous system uh or let's our brain thinks like things that okay uh intention is the The so what you got to do is make intention a learning. So what you in what you intention what is your intention uh your brain forces this is this is the concept of force learning uh is that your brain forces to learn that uh intention as a flow as a neural

connection which is tough and some kind of impossible things but when we at some point when some brain understand that this is the way you must have to believe the intention. What we do is we um speculate and because of speculation uh what we do is we use our previous sorry use our previous memory or previous learning that like let's say you're 10 years old or you're 15 years old before 15 years or 20 years you have a few learnings in yourself you have already built up a story in yourself. Now you

use those pre-existing uh stories uh to speculate this thing. So not new thing but use the new old thing uh to speculate to use uh to use a new intention and make that a new story or new learning or new neural connection. That's what we try to do which is a a type of force learning. But deep down we all know that's not accurate. So this is the trait here because we know that's not accurate because a lot of uh learning cycle is left to do. And a lot of lot of perspectives is still to still to learn to actualize

it or let's say a lot of experience you got to go through lot of interaction mediums you got uh go through so lot of interaction mediums. So you get experience by inside by interacting in a interaction medium. So because of this interaction mediums now we got the idea of interaction and uh let's let's come here after some point little time that um let's finish this part first that interaction mediums before we we use actually so we try to actualize those things using our uh uh interaction mediums or experience or

perspective what do you But when you do int intentionalism, we forcefully try to make those learning uh just by thinking like I thought I want to be this and explicitly want to learn that. So that's like extreme extreme type of force learning we do to ruin our life and which creates something like uh your hormone things your hormone at some point all those action gets hormonal. So your hormonal flow or hormonal trap this this part you can call trap makes uh those in like hormonal trap hormones are used to make those learning

uh make those thing intentions as learning because uh without uh hormonal acknowledgement the learning would not happen. So we we actually try to do that and when we try to do that at some point the hormones uh hormonal discharge. So at some point our hormonal discharge and our intent sounds and everything gets connected and uh the autonomous acknowledgement happens uh for uh even any kind of int intentions. So the at that point we fall in love with intentional learning because we cannot keep forcing

for all the time. At some point the anxiety of forcing would be converted to hormonal pleasure and uh we would be learning through uh this and we'd be we just we would be just um wrongfully speculate things and make things up. uh to have a learning, have a understanding of the world and our logic would be deeply flawed because uh we would use the logic from uh things that we know we personally we also know that those are not correct but we also believe that that's the only way otherwise I cannot

even think of anything I cannot even talk so this kind of people becomes just a dump and they cannot talk with logical people who are much more advanced in logic. So when they try to talk with them they get su uh up and uh they actually avoid those kind of situation and uh so it's just for most of the people who doesn't want to talk uh because their logic doesn't work. [clears throat] So this is the introduction of dumbness. So dumbness is basically a love towards a speculation to intention intentions

that not accurate enough. So there's of course there's a a scale of accuracy that at some after some threshold you would be called a genius and you' be called a dump. So this way we actually uh this way we actually create um the uh the dumbness on earth. So dumbness is also a love like many other actions. So let's now go into the interaction part. Introduction is some uh like not so heavily discussed topic because interaction is something that develops the like all those things in

intentionalism because we got to we got to be too intentive to act to interact with other people and every everyone will share with uh their fullblown um warmth, full full-blown generosity, full-blown uh uh charisma to other people. That's the best they can do. Otherwise, they will what in the tra because every interaction is trading control. They would lose and when they lose they they lose uh their status. So interaction is like keeping the status and what dumb people would do is who are uh believer of

a of a believer of a biased uh ideas and they Don't actually sure. They are not sure. They are actually not sure because deep they're they're learning like the importance like their how do you calling commitment is really low because they know their learning are not right because people deep down they know this and what happens is that they become master of confidence because they know that's the only way to be confident. the only way to win because their knowledge is not enough. So they only

they can win by confidence. So so those dumb people are actually not dumb. They know they are also speculating on their uh way but they're also really smart on their way to do this. What we know is that some of their flows are too acknowledged that they can't reanalyze them to become uh to to take control of the flow. So they so they basically give up their control to those flow. Now the flows run them. So if a a situation in family bad and the person is taking drug what happens if the drug first thing do

is drug kills our uh sense uh sense by sense what I I mean it don't don't get rough yeah like sense means your ability to use your uh brain like this uh this some part of the brain is over stimul stimulated. Now those part now gets uh like uh really uh like when you are not taking the drug out or slowly over time they lose the control over those senses and they cannot use them much. So actually when the people's life are so complex many many flaws in their life they acknowledged now running

them and they don't have control over it because uh their sense of controlling is wiped away. So that's what drug is. So this um this this what it does. So which is actually um like making them lose in trading game like control game like in the control trading game people they lose. So when they lose because they lose too much they must be use drugs to survive their status to to escape the world and to find a world where they they can survive with with with their with their status because status must be surviving or else

it would not happen. It it starts the must be things there. It has to be because that's the existence because that's the ego. That's the that's the thing. That's the soul. And uh this creates a huge problem because those people can never get out of the loop unless they are really understanding the situation and how to give more and more like they they they break things. They break the tables and come out of things. But the the ideas that run us don't let us come out of it.

So they basically master intentionalism and wise people use them and lead them easily. Because now they they we know how they are their their their mentality works because they are they are now given up their control to the flows of flow. They they given up their control to the flow that running that running us running them. So it becomes easier to lead them because they are already occupied already dump and they have no other way but to agree with you. Even if you are wrong that's the way only way

they can survive. So this is a crazy way to understand that how the society is uh ruined. Just people don't have a way to come out and and uh fix those problems. We don't give them the resources and we know the resources what the resources is talking people with their with empathy and understanding them and trusting them. We don't trust people anymore because those people who are suffering and they are cautious. So we don't like cautious people. We think cautious people are bad. Uh it we

feel cautious people can harm us. So let's say a interaction happens and uh the person with caution in intensity would not be liked by [clears throat] someone who don't have it. have it. So if uh if if if the cautious people trying to be social and people are not really liking him and the result would be more caution the the person will be more caution. So when you tr we don't trust people it becomes worse every day. So at some point there will be threshold when the interaction structures

bro break breaks down. It's not about breaking down in one day for everybody. It's not how it work but randomly it's happening to everyone and slowly slowly. So uh I think that would be it about this topics.

