Everybody can channel and everybody is spiritual and everybody gets idea. The point is people rejects idea ignores ideas coming and uh that's the definition of dumbness and uh they start going with the idea of intentionalism that they want to have their intention to have faith in life otherwise they would not be not be alive. So that's why logic becomes the uh fundamental of modern society because logic comes from a single perspectives of definition of things and uh deep down we must know

that every logic is a prediction and uh it only works inside a perspective out of the perspective the logic have no value. So to don't understand uh speculative intentionalism but is not the worst thing is not a bad thing actually it's also a good thing many way we we have to use like to act we have to speculate I have to have intention but the wrong way of using it uh that creates the problem that you know uh that devil can manipulate and uh or hormonal uh desire can trigger a lot of problems

uh there lot of negative negativity there. So the the the the next face comes from this is the nature of people's uh pathological lie that people believe their uh intention using as a uh mechanism to survive and fight in the world because this is a control game. Now people has to uh like double down their intentionalism, double down their uh wrong biased speculation. So they have to be confident, they have to be dominant with this wrong wrong idea. So they start believing what they think and their

thought are lie yet they believe that's that they are not lying and that's what pathological lying is. Pathologically people lies to themselves and to other people and um that becomes a terrifying reality. As you know everybody can access information everybody the channel channeler and everybody is spiritual you don't have to really really spiritual uh to get information so just anybody can do that because we can get those informations uh let's say I can access your consciousness I can access your empathy

access your understanding access your expression so I can like get get you and you can get me But if you are ignoring those things and you're purely intentional and you just think about word and nothing has value, you ignore everything because now because you cannot see the reality because you believe in a reality that is pathologically lied to you by yourself. Now I if I can see the reality if I can see what you're telling and I can I can see you are lying. I can see you have trying to manipulate me. I can see you

are trying to control. I can see you're trying to have a wrong thing to do and I would not survive that. I would fight against that. I would because I can see the truth and you cannot. just a big fight and that's the whole thing going on on on earth because the satanic people are the intentional people and uh they don't they only think about warning and people who are uh spiritual would would see the reality people who are the truth seeker they are the truth seeker who sees the reality uh would not like that they

would fight back and that creates the whole system and that's the game. The game is that that if you want to if you want to be with bad people, you must be uh deceiving. That's the main character because the control structures always result is a deception because deception is the only mechanism to run in a control structure and when people can see the reality see each other truly there's no space for controlling there no space for deception and that's a beautiful world that could

be. So that's the fight between the truth seeker, the people who has seen the truth and people who has not seen the truth. And uh that brings up something really close to the the problematic way of living life for the truth seeker is that they suffer a lot. They can fit anywhere. This doesn't mean any everybody's uh like like anybody even any truth seeker can have intentional in intentional problem. People are mixture of those things. Everybody has mixing those two qualities inside them

and that creates a unique type of understanding to the human that people are not just black and white they're mixture and that creates a unique type of human uh like the humans are really unique in those sense and they have the understanding of the world and they have the understanding of spirituality and they also uh lie to themselves. self pathologically and that makes a dangerous situation and uh yet that's also become a driving mechanism for the economy and uh probably without that we would

not need e economy like this and we'd be much more much better with it without the economy and um this has some real implication and that is this gives a the birth of politics politics because politics is something we do not think of. Politics is something we do not care about. We hate like everything we do on earth are basely based on positive thinking. Negative predictability we don't like it. So we think of politics as a bad thing. Yeah. Because politics is about power, control and manipulation.

So that's the definition of politics that people knows and it's the truth. It's right it's about power control and manipulation and it's the it's the high level game of the control game. But actually politics would not survive if if people would not participate. If people really hate politics, why they participate and that's the case because uh politician knows how to make people participate in the game and their job is to like if you if you are not doing anything like not caring about any

party, any politics and any uh voting or anything politics would not survive. But you are willingly try helping um the politic politics because you are deep down also a political animal and you love to support and that's not actually the like one of the fundamentals of us that's not the fundamental deep down we are political because our intentional hormonal nature of um I'm sorry hormonal nature of loving something uh getting manipulated and that's what feel good bad and weird theory that's what comes and because u

also sac feeling like there four or five fundamental feelings that I this fundamental feelings and the fundamental feelings about how we understand things the world not the same thing so these fundamental feelings are about hormonal and uh learning so these four feelings makes us learn things and politicians use that and um knowingly or unknowingly uh they use those feelings and they they use the mechanism of manipulation and they create a story narrative. They use that that fundamental of also and um the main

point the whole politics dependent on one single thing and that is creating a narrative based on non-existence problem like the problem is not there if there is no problem and people think there is no problem there is no politic so because there's no politics now no I cannot be controlling anyone I am I I want to control people. So everyone uh would try to just um like make make people believe in some narrative in some people the politician try to make people believe on some narrative. you believe in some problem that this is

the problem is is causing uh uh some harm or some uh is destroying your life is uh a threat to our existence. So you got to fight for it. You got to understand it. Even if you can't fight uh with us on the street, vote for us. uh let's let us be in the in the in the power and so we could fight for you. So without this single thing that the believing in the narrative believing in the problem that's non-existent until you care about them this problems don't exist. So people there would not be a

politics people politics would not survive and it totally survives by using those techniques of making people believe in it. So that's why modern politics is most about entertainment because politics is about entertainment because you got to entertain people to make them acknowledge thing. So I said acknowledgement theory is using those feelings fundamental feelings you make people acknowledge things you make people learn things when they acknowledge knowingly or unknowingly those thing becomes their character their thing so

they uh become part of you like they run in your recommended flow. So that's uh what is the problem here. So if you uh see the structures from low level to high level uh everywhere we just see this kind of uh control as we know that a person who really charismatic he can uh let's say he can smile but he's saying wrong thing not the greatest thing not the good manipulative thing. His wordings are not something you would really die for, but his perspective is delivering a lot of things. You may like thing and

now you want to die for that smile, die for that uh delivery, perspective delivery. You love it, you like it. Hormonal discharge happens. Now unknowingly the moment you like something liking is actually instant acknowledgement and instant acknowledgement makes you go for a new learning and as we know in the learning cycle we become slowly slowly the thing we learn which is the thing becomes your character your flow your habit and we know that slowly it becomes comes a our whole body expression we vibe and that vibes and

slowly becomes the purpose and we care about it and we act on it. So those are the things I said we can't act without a speculation. That's why that's why the political leaders would love to give really vibrating powerful what you call powerful uh what you call uh lecture what's the word I forget the word you know I I forgot the most crucial word in time so you I think you understand what I mean that political leaders would give powerful lecture and uh people would actually speculate and they make people

speculating and as you see that because of this uh problem people who could see you always suffer because they would not fit anywhere in any situation on earth and uh People with ignorance uh they are ignoring those uh ideas that's coming like uh speculative they are they are trying to be pathologically uh ignoring all those things uh all those good things uh they can they are ignoring channeling what they do is actually uh make things go higher and higher here. And as the people who suffer goes down and down

and um at some point like is I said everybody is mixture of those things and civilization civilizational consciousness improves through those and people actually uh start to like uh find all those kind of problem and start to look at each other, find each other and uh like like through cycles people actually come to see the truth at some point of their life and in the old days will always becomes uh somebody who uh understand the truth and that's why the young people who are much more uh powerful in a sense of bodily

strength and hormonal and uh really uh vibrate. they would be actually uh other thing that political parties and any anyone would like to use on their benefit and uh yeah that's why it's always the young people they always always in also other situations young people are the defining fact defining factors on on earth but the controlling mechanism are handled uh using those young people not by the young people but using them and um if they are really um troublesome they're causing more

problem to the control structure. We know that from the starting of the history that we create war and we make people die for those war and to for our like for for so that we can eliminate those people and um have our path still on earth. So this mechanism always keeps going on. This is I call the let's say this is suffering of a truth of the truth seeker and uh this is a problem like um let's see let me write here so you understand better that the suffering would bring the some uh critical

insurance and that critical insurance is learning and evolution. And this would bring a really crazy situation because people when start to see the reality without like having um like they they don't they ignore the whole life. They ignore the whole thing. But at some point when they start to see they suddenly feel the whole situation because the civilizational context already has all those information all those suffering of those people and they could see the suffering and they could now they

change. So people going through this ignorance but at some point they start seeing and they they now they they become the true seeker. So this is like a crazy but positive thing that comes from the suffering. Um and I have experienced this time to time because people try to ignore what hap what's happening from time to time how how the society is changing and it's I observed this so much that I just seen people doing things wrongly. and uh they like after a few cycle like few time few months few years when I come back

and I suddenly see those things are not there they're agreeing with those things I'm I was saying but how they come to know and until I knew about the civilizational context uh um like or the synchronization I'm sorry synchronization so this is such a big truth that comes from this um suffering and and and and the cycle cycle so this is huge truth to those cycles and I call also this gives us some of those u most of like the idea of uh I call this um to understand another thing in the human

context is that people who are ignorant basically ignore a lot of phases in learning cycle and because they ignore the learning cycle they learn wrongfully and because they learn wrongfully uh they're biased. Now those informations those learnings concepts uh are tracked and they they must have to relearn them. Otherwise those learning would stay as a vivid intentional learning cycle. Intentional learning cycle. So learning learning thread. So they would stay as a thread in their brain and that they will

bug they will bug the person until they solve those problems and otherwise those learnings would not fit those learnings would not fit in the civilizational let's say perspective network of the civilization in the network those long learning would not be fitting in because the the network can predict if it is wrong and Right? Because the the perspectives always can predict those things. Now they can fit it. So they have to re unlearn and relearn. Unlearn and relearn. So that's the uh situation the ignorant people now

have to go through because now they has to learn. So this way uh the loop continues. And this gives us a way of being positivity way of being positive. Imagine the the whole world people deep down believe in God. So that's a big win for God because people believe in God and even after like thousands of years of trying uh the devil could not get the world. The pride could not take over the world because of this uh of this of this of of this of this uh of this of this psych of this loop and he can't do nothing about it.

It's out of out of out of his control. So yeah, positivity is uh positivity is there and you can truly see uh there there are a lot of structures developed by God that's uh that's out of out of devil's control can do nothing about

