Imagine a person is having a problem in their head and they don't understand. Nobody's telling that. No psychology is telling that. Nobody is talking about what's going on and they're stuck in their brain most of the time like what to do to figure out something. What if everything is your thinking in your brain all those things has something to do with your learning cycle like every thought nothing less than I mean can it solve everything literally I mean let's look at the craziness beauty of

understanding the cycle of learning you know that cycle has phases is and fes have many levels of things. You can tell and cycles make layers like many layers of things. A cycle um can be just one cycle in a layer and a layer can have many many cycle and it improves through learning. But what is learning? If you don't understand what is learning that the whole universe have things in it and those things changes uh because this interactions between those things thing things changes and those things uh the changes are for the

universe are the learning and for intentional being like us who have intention uh for us learning is Like what? Like learning is what you get understand. You can you can ask this question and you know that it's not a single answer. It's not a single thing. There's no way somebody is telling that learning is wrong. And most of the time conceptually conventionally everybody even including psychology things learning is like knowing something or uh there's multiple form of understanding of learning. One is like

knowing something other is uh you know something then you manipulate it in your brain like reshape reform it so you uh for your need that part is heavily called learning in the education system and many things like students thinks that's the part what we call learning for many like brain people who have used their brain and some people thinks that after they learn something they manipulate something they have an idea and they thought they'll could think of as a learning uh skill development is many things but

those none of them I actually going to give up give you anything uh those are wrong concept or misconception of learning eventually you have to understand that learning is a cycle And it has phases in it. There's not a single thing, single distinct thing, not a single phase. You have to understand that for a person, let's say for a for a person who have an intention, what is what is this intention is build up built for? intention is built so that we can have a uh judgment of things of changes around us

and those judgments give us the predictability. You can call those judgments as a pattern matching like we we match pattern this this first few minutes is going to be really simple so you will understand this really better but slowly this is going to be really complex so be aware of that pattern matching is really a simple concept that something I have in my brain something outside and I try to see the outside new thing is it matching my brains anything in existing pattern and if it existing matches existing pattern

now I feel like I know that thing so that's what I call the logic a logic for a person is matching pattern some pattern is matched and why it is logic because after pattern matching some hormonal the charge happens. We feel we feel good. We feel good because that's a logic happened. Now it matched the pattern. It logic happened. Now let's commit to this. Commitment means means means hope. Commitment means hope. How? Commitment is hope. Commitment means betting on a future. Betting on

future means future is upcoming. Something is upcoming. And that I know is true. I believe that something is coming and now I give my body a purpose. That's the real purpose of a person that I give my body a purpose to fulfill that commitment fulfill that that the the future I believe in a future now I give my body a purpose to do to complete that future and that's commitment which is also called hope basically hope commitment is same thing betting on future which is gambling that's why we feel uh we we so

Um so fundamental of our thought processing is gambling. Uh is so addictive. Gambling is so too addictive for a person. Uh okay. Um so what happens if you want to understand this things you see those are part of learning right? Where do you put them? Why do you put them? It's a big concept. Is like a big concept? It doesn't solve everything of course but like how I can say that everything it can be solved by learning cycle. Okay. So let's go from here uh to the first uh idea that when you uh when you m when you look at

something and something is changing something changing really fast means is is it's going to go extinct. Changing fast means going extinct which is unstability. And changing slow means is a stable stability. If something is unstable, we really have problem with that thing. We can't rely on that thing. So that's a negative predictability. and something is stable. That's a positive predictability. Positive predictability is uh something that persist that doesn't hurt us. But negative

predictability is something is going to change and we don't know the outcome. So for intentional being my job is to control the outcome of the changes. That's really the fundamental of learning is that to control the outcome of the changes we what you got to do we got to do something and if you don't know how to do something uh because you don't know that's why you are anxious you want to control the outcome so you're going Learn that. So learning comes here. Learning comes after this situation. And

when learning comes here after we face some anxiety, anxiety, the anxiety gives us learning. Anxiety also gives us the commitment. Anxiety gives us a force. Anxiety is a force. Anxiety gives us a force to commit for a positive predictability for a hope. That's why we go for learning and learning is a action. Learning is a action. So if I go to the action, we see that we don't act if we don't care. So if you want to learn something, you got to care, right? If you don't care, you don't you don't act.

You can think of something, but we don't act. So to what point we care to what point we decide? Did I put this decision somewhere? So at some point we got to decide what we learn because to answer the what we learn we got to see the changes and some changes we care about that's why you got to learn we care about some changes without caring we would not do that. So those are really fundamental things that you decide to do something because you care. You actually do it because you care. Before care you think but after care you

do. So caring this there's a caring threshold. Caring threshold that you care enough that you do it. Now if you don't care enough you just think about it. So this is uh this is where uh this is this is where economics stays right. economics stays in this care phase. After care phase, you don't just do things uh right away. You see, because when you care, you want to do something, you actually see that what you thought about doing, it has a lot of different things to do other than just that part you thought

about. like you want to pick a rock from the from from the ground. You thought you you just pick up the pick up the thing, but you feel like you have to bend your uh knees, bend your uh what do you call the the backbone? I'm sorry. I'm I'm very bad with words. So, backbone. And then let's say you you got to kneel. You got to look at it. You got to pick it up. And uh there many things you got to do when you actually do do that thing. And that keeps us this what do you call this? I call this speculation because

without speculating something you actually don't do those things. So without speculation you don't do it means You actually care then you speculate then you actually have to care. You can also decide decision bar here and speculate then you what act. So after you act what you do you actually rethink it revise it right those re analysis I call uh let's say analysis this part also uh this is uh in a learning cycle I call this learning technique phase but I'll get to go there so we care about it.

That's why we decide to do it. Then you speculate otherwise speculation we we can't actually do something because we think about you learn about something and other part of it you just do that. And when you do them after you do analy analy analyze that and you go back to and after an analysis you are you're tired you when you like you did a lot of analysis and you are tired you can't think of it anymore you you have seen enough you thought enough now your head is like totally stressed up so what you

do is you rest but before you rest is one thing you always do and that is I call acknowledgement you got to acknowledge what you just learned what you just analyze after this action analyze okay that's what you think and then you after your analysis is done you acknowledge it after acknowledgement you don't really do it anymore. Like you can think of it anymore. You can think of the teacher, you can think of the uh book, think of the student and and think of anyone who shared some knowledge about it. So let's say

teachers taught you something and you really thought about it and then you start processing because you acknowledged it. When you acknowledge after that you can't even think of the teacher anymore. You can't even think of the school. You will not want to go to school. You will not and just I call this rest phase sorry the breakup phase. So break up with your learning or your teacher and anything that associate with your learning. So we don't care that you actually having a breakup with

what you analyzed. And anyone who give you information about it because what why we do that why you break up because in the resting phase you actually what you do is process that learning which I call learning processing when you process that learning what you do we don't know because it's unconscious process we don't understand it many people call that we connect our learning with the divine and many way we can think of it and we also call doiring neural connection building and neuroplasticity many things

we can call it but that's what we do in this space we need a higher commitment higher commitment means commitment gives us something that is importance so if you want to give importance to a learning you actually have to feel like that's the most kind of information I can take right now. That's the best information ever and I am acknowledging that piece of information because I analyzed it. Now I feel this is the best piece of information. Now I got to process it. When you process if new flow

of information comes in about that topic now you will feel your your what you just committed is not good enough because you just found new information. Now your pro uh neural connections become weak because your neural connection feels like this is not enough. The commitment gets disrupted the importance gets down. So this is the problem and to solve this problem we have this breakup phase. So this breakup phase actually gives us some information about uh uh understanding like like a whole process

of learning. you don't care about these things uh that you you need to be stay away from learning because you just uh h just acknowledge something you do other things not related that much to that piece of information you you are trying to learn so this learning process and this commitment I'm sorry uh what you call breakup processing yeah learning process what we do before this learning process like what we do here in this analysis phase. So in this analysis phase or let's say u you decide to take some

information and those that information is uh already in the in our perception's job is to take this information in but our perception is directed by our intention. We have an intention that's directing the heart information to take in and take not take it also controlled by our personal narrative. So the job of intention is to reform and reshape and escape remove filter information that's coming in and it is in the perception phase and it is also in the analysis phase. Now how our intention do that? Well, it uses our

personal narrative. What's a personal narrative? Our personal narrative is that we are a story. Like if you remember from the early childhood you have something uh from that very like it's building something is building up in your brain and like every thought every understanding everything every argument every analysis is in your brain building up as a story. It's big story or even every part simple simple story single stories and those stories that build up your main story that's yourself and it's too complex

complex than many times together even the dumbest person on earth has built up their story this really too complex for us. So that the the ability of learning has nothing to do with our what do you call dumbness or anything other than that. Basically let's say if somebody is can talk good but they are wise. That's because they can access more information using their brain. Now they when they talk their voices they they can't really uh is weak their voices are weak because they are using all their energy to uh

understand other things. So really really if you see really really wise person you may feel like they are not a good talker good speak good speaker or can't have those things. So actually many way if you think somebody is dumb may not be the dumb actually maybe they're more more wise and actually there's no dumb person uh unless we think of this economical situation and think that in this situation we cannot act good that means you are dumb just not actually true. So what is it say that we have

intention narrative and this narrative is built up for everybody everybody has a story and that story is the identity of the person and that's what we call narrative identity theory and let's say our narrative has no quality they call continuity Continuity native as a native has a has a quality has a had a has a party that is it has a continuity. It continues it goes on. Narrative also means it's a flow but with a milling meaning flow with a meaning and it's going on always and it has attached fundamental feelings

inside oursel that can be used as words. Those fundamental feelings are attached to those narratives. every narrative or or or your main narrative. Okay. So that's our story. That's the whole thing of us. Now what we do is using that narrative we try to build up intention and that intention and that narrative tells us how to escape perceive information and process those information all those things. So a information comes from perception. It comes to our brain as a thread. A thread comes in our brain

and that thread the job is to I call I call this uh technique learning technique. So a thread is processed before processing both processing unconsciously we process it consciously uh which is a manipulation phase and I call this learning technique phase. Learning technique means a thread is taken, the information is reshaped, re filtered and uh reformed so that it fits our narrative. Uh because it narrative uses intention to do that. So it basically fits our intention. So because it fits our intention

uh we we have to make it fit. How we make it fit? Why? So I call this learning technique. These techniques are we we are developing in our brain. If we call this learning techniques universal learning techniques is something that we use to when there is something new is coming and we have to face that new thing. We use our universal learning technique to face that new thing and that new thing goes uh like u like a build up a new learning technique for that specific new thing and that's this

we call like like local learning technique uh you can call this local learning technique so or You can give many other names. I just I'm just bad with name. Okay. So, universal learning technique is used to approach a new thing. Then for every specific thing, we have a specific learning technique for that thing. And number three is those techniques are used to re uh reshape, reform and filter out those information that comes in as a threat. And there also this is this is what I call this this this whole thing

is actually analysis phase. This analysis phase analysis this whole thing are actually analysis analysis going on and fundamental analysis are like the like those two and then evolvement evolving those two technique evolves for every piece of thing and for the universal thing it evolves. evolves based on everything we learn, every technique we learn that goes in our brain they evolve because the techniques evolve. So we have this mechanism of evolving techniques we have mechanism to uh do those things and we have we have like

few more mechanism here. Another thing is uh few more things we do in this learning technique phase. Another thing is we verify the learning or the that we reshape or reform. We want to verify this piece of learning if that fits our narrative. That's why we intentionally has to track trace and uh re reform each piece of information so that it fits our narrative. So it is uh based on our narrative or based on our story. If it is not verified, if it is unverified that means it's not checked

because it is not checked it is it cannot be traced. So the action of those information would be uh consciously not predictable or not understandable for a person. That's why we have to verify this. So I call this panic of unverified learning. Now because we have to do this panic uh we have to we always have to uh verify the learning so that if it fits we acknowledge it after we acknowledgement happens it starts building the neural connections in it. Now, so after after this neural connection

phase, what happens? After this new connection phase, our brain feels like they have a new idea. After this needle processing phase, we have this uh new idea, new philosophy that comes from those learning. Uh so those new ideas are we call I call this like the genuine idea but as we know we have to toys in the perception phase and in the uh learning technique phase we toys have to manipulate or reshape and deform those information. That's why we already feel not so great about what we learned. We know there is

some bias generalization happened already. Then on top of that when a person is have this idea AI is genuine idea it's just fundamental feelings. Uh like I said it's sometimes you'll be confused about confused about fundamental feelings that I talk about. It's not good, bad and weird that I talk about uh sometimes I call them fundamental feelings that doesn't mean they are actual fundamental feelings. Fundamental feelings actually what I think what I see those uh all those uh

fundamental part of our sense that try to understand something coming from anywhere in the world. Uh they are not experienced all those things are not experienced or explained by words. they cannot be and but they are actually converts our idea to word also. So wording is actually not a great idea. It's not accurate at all. So we feel like our what I thought about is not actually the right idea. My brain is talking. So this is like ethical paradox of a genuine thinker. And a genuine thinker actually

has this problem and they get ang angry at them. But after that when they think uh have an idea genuine idea they have to share it. Why they have to share? The reason they have to share it because every piece of new learning is a brainchild. It's a continuation of the story. It's the continuation of the narrative. It's a brainchild. So, we have a love and pride for it because I have a new idea. Now, I have a pride because I think I'm good. My ideas are great. So the bigger the pride,

bigger the pride, bigger the commitment or bigger the importance to that to to that piece of learning. That's why because of the pride what we do is we share this learning with other people. And when you share this with other people, you see you have to reshape it this piece of information more and more and more so that other people can understand it. So to do that that other people can understand this piece of information we have to reshape this learning reform this learning and we don't feel good

about those bias things those those things we we also feel bad about those things. So we try to share those ideas and um people uh actually uh in the in the different different interaction mediums. people actually try to like listen to you many many interaction mediums and you see that actually most people would like to demotivate you make you feel wrong about your idea hurt your pride because if you are feeling pride they think pride is a problem uh they can't handle it so what they do is uh they don't like you being

so confident about your ideas because if you feel confident about your ideas they are uh their commanding would not be working on you anymore in the social situation. What they do is to fight that we share information in a way because uh of this of this problem. We share information even more deformed and we try to convince or manipulate each other, make them trust us, make them feel good about ourselves. Then we we we themselves and we actually get help from them like believing believe on the people and

then we get help from those people. So this kind of like manipulation we always do. Let's say there is a there's a there's a there's a person uh let's say Robert Deniro is a great actor actor and he can talk when he talk he actually shares a lot of perspectives that uh are really giving us more and more information not just his words and he can do bad things but he can uh deliver perspect perspective deliver to you good things and make you learn the good and bad simultaneously

without even questioning. Now your action after you act because your neural connection is built. This is the dependency of neural connection that your neural connection is built on some something. Now you will be that thing you perform that thing and if your neural connection is not there it's not going to happen the dependency of neural connection. So what we do is we we can use those ability of socially manipulating other people. We actually can make people learn things that even that they even don't want

using uh I call this field theory because uh good bad and and I call this um uh weird and also sacredness. So I'm sorry. So all this um we actually try to use them when you feel good you actually feel good about it and you acknowledge it. The moment you acknowledge it neural connection happens because it process those things in the processing phase neural connection happens neuroplasticity happens and you learn it. When you feel g feel bad it it stays in your brain for a long time until you

have the courage to face it and you learn it. So which is lengthy learning process which many people wants and weird and sacredness. Weird means something sticks in your brain as a question mark as a doubt and you always intentionally trying to understand explain these things and sacredness is like you know the sacredness means anxiety bad and good together. That means bad and good together means it makes you feel makes you uh tell this tells you that to believe something because it's good and

if you don't believe it feel you're going to something bad going to happen. So that's a secretness. So after like let's say great actor like Robert Dinder can give you and manipulate you using those feelings and many people in the society actually uh we use this uh command and charisma techniques to all time uh all the time to make other people trust us, believe us or use them uh for our need or any kind of things we do now because of those it's really easy to manipulate because if you just some people just

like something good happens and hormone releases and learning happens then afterward. So it is so easy and so connected and we don't actually see and acknowledge it. We have to understand that this is really too easy to make people love things that they don't want it. That's because we should we we deliver perspectives and we don't deliver words though we think we like delivering word and we actually sharing those fundamental feelings. I said before fundamental feelings we share

with other people and then those fundamental feelings are understood by other people but they don't they may not know it. So they actually learn the whole perspective instead of just that piece of information uh he piece of things he need to learn. So this is what we do. We manipulate people so that we can make them trust us. Now after this information is in your uh in in in in in in in this way it is like we want to uh you're only reforming reforming deforming at some point you're uh you you you actually you can

tell that you're using your intention your intention to do all those kind kind of manipulated. All those things you are thinking about all those things you are using your intention. When you're interacting in a in a in a in a in a interaction medium, you're using your intention and those intentions that becomes your flow at some point because you're intentionally trying to do the things then your character flow like when it fits your narrative perfectly. You don't need to command

your brain intentionally. After that point it becomes a flow which is autonomous without commanding intentionally that becomes your character flow. Flow is such an important part here. Uh all your flow builds up builds your character and your character gives you gives your fundamental story that has a narrative and that story and narrative tells you that uh uh what's the next thing you're going to learn you're going to do the next action. You see, so if you don't understand that

your next action is actually the idea you have you you have a pride to share with other people and that new thing that idea you have is actually your uh like base of your next learning. Now if your pride is broken, let's say somebody you try to share in other people and they'll belittle you, they they make you feel like your idea is not worth. So you feel bad about it and you don't want to think about it anymore because it's not a good thing. You're not good enough. Your thoughts are not

good enough. You're thinking wrong. So because you are thinking wrong, you should not even care about what you think. So your all your genuine idea after after after after that that that decision uh your pride is broken. So now all your new ideas are going to be skipped which is skip isism my call you don't care about you don't listen to your gut feelings anymore you feel like you don't I you don't listen to your ideas anymore but your idea always keeps coming you just don't listen to them. So

that's why uh if this is the base of your next learning the pride of learning you don't break the pride. If you break the pride you lost you you actually break the whole thing you break the person. So we actually do this a lot but we break their pride they don't because that pride gives him the importance to be something uh that enough importance makes it the base of this person's next learning the this narrative's next learning and then that next learning uh is going to be a new analysis new

information new action all those things going will go there and it'll become this like I said that we have a story and we decide to do the story gives us this intention to do things do do things right those intentions actually if it is full body expression if it is a full body expression This intention gives us this full body expression which I call vibe. So if your vibe is actually supporting your story and your intention, your intention is not fractured. So so many things is not going to be vibed by your body. And what

you going to do in the next moment is your purpose. Your purpose is actually uh supporting your vibe and intentionally when you do that that's why uh purpose is most more feels like spirituality but purpose is in the moment not the whole life because in the moment you change and you your main life goal will always change which is a problematic thing. So you just follow your purpose and that gives you a decision to what to learn. We decide based on our story purpose and all those things and our uh what to

learn decision to what to learn how to do all those things. So it keeps going through this cycle from perception to your decision like like what to learn what to do and this is you decide to do it there is of course a care enough to learn it or do it or share with you. So because that care happens so it always ends up in the care before that all those phases are below care phase and above care phase economics stage economics is in the is in in is here in the care phase and below careface we don't understand uh we don't try to talk

about them we don't try to understand them but there's just a whole cycles and steps of learning that always going on in ourself that we don't see and don't understand and we always uh try to don't follow our intuition for this learning uh cycle to be finished and we always mess up and create uh like we also forcefully learn and we create this problem of force learning anxiety. So uh this is what a full learning cycle will be and probably there are a lot of things more I don't remember all those

things right away. Uh let's see what happens with

