Okay. So why can't you learn? This is one of the biggest uh in this series I think because uh this is all the reason I start doing the whole research. Previous lecture was so emotional and I we understand we understood that people are a mixture of uh intelligence and dumbness and uh things we see and then also things we ignore. So that creates a mixture among people. And yet when the things little things we see becomes so heavy so uh shattering that it changes our view that we now we are forced to see the things that we

don't wanted to see or wanted to see the ignoring thing that we uh ignored because of our intentionalism. Now we start to see them okay and that creates this development of civilization because people are suffering people are dying. The people who are the truth seeker, the intelligence, intelligent ones who uh to find the truth, they give up their life, they give up their uh they give up everything. They sacrifice too much and that becomes too heavy that people who ignore at some point start to see from the

civilizational context and inside this loop. Right now we are here in a situation when we have this problem like why can't I learn now this whole lecture is to answer this question and I this is the initial the first initial thing that I had in mind when I start to dig this thing and I start to see how it's not it's less uh it's not just about learning it's about manipulation control and our pride, our intention and story care. You can you can just like this is a whole lot of things that has to glue

together to understand why can't you learn. Of course you are learning people are giving things recommending in in learning and you are you are learning those things in their way. You are also taught to think the way they're trying to uh make you think. Uh it's not they, it's everybody. Everybody's trying to manipulate everybody. It's not just they they. So people stay down for so long time. I going through the phase and you're saying why can't we learn? I am so dumb.

Why I can't understand? I am whatever I'm doing it's like I'm making mistake every time I'm doing something. This because our disconnection with the whole civilizational context we ignore we're ignoring those intuitive ideas and we don't act on them and because we act on don't act on them. If we don't act on them and we face the consequences that we don't change our learning never the cycle never complete the learning cycle every phase is not done properly

you can't learn let's say uh you are a ignorant person who ignored a lot of things and speculation is so much vivid in you that you speculated wrong way. Even you speculated the whole learning cycle that that intention is now your character flow so much that it's bugging your frontal lobe. It's bugging your everything and you got you get PTSD on that also. Now those learnings are biased too biased to be in the uh civilizational context because I said it's a network and it can predict and it can see what

which is wrong which is right. This gives a problem. The problem is that it cannot accept your learning because you have not gone through the whole cycle. You have not acknowledged it. Because deep down the acknowledgement that we mimicked to have feel like I learned something you mimicked acknowledgement that's not good enough and that that after acknowledgement it did not work it is not good your mind is feeling like this that that learning is not enough. So the learning it the real connection it develops is weak. The

commitment is so weak and because of that reason your brain I said your brain track all those things that you manipulate all those things and it tracking that this learning is not good enough and also civilizational context is think is saying that this planning is good not good enough so I'm not going to take it so fix it before you come to me again before you uh like when you acknowledge fix it, acknowledge it, I will accept it. And um this forces people to see the light. This forces people to

understand the world, to understand the problem, to to see the truth. But before they see the truth, before they understand because they uh acknowledged it now there are too many things in their brain. So uh the the acknowledge the acknowledgement is not uh good enough because the information is not good enough or the technique is not good good enough or it's not being accepted is uh the the breakup phase of that learning is there forever like like until you are reagn izing relearning it, relearning

it. It stays as a uh phase of the learning breakup and the breakup phase persist for so long so long that we get overwhelmed and we feel like why can't we learn because uh also we have PTSD to that though even if you solve the PTSD it doesn't go away uh this this many would not help and you still suffer. Maybe you should be connecting with this. Maybe you should be uh seeing like what are the wrong things you have learned? How many things can be relearned? Even everything can be reimagined. You fix things and that's

what therapy is. That's what they tried to create out of psychology that relearn big fix thing. So that's what about the therapy too much. Uh though it's not the work of therapy, it's a work of us ourself. We could really have to do the uh we could do this really good and uh of course Bobby could help but also uh psychology is a very uh uh is it's a bureaucracy and it has a lot of problem if you gone through the uh death in psychology lecture uh so um I have to understand that I have to

relearn I have to meditate but I it's not meditation about uh my breathing my breathing so this medit med meditation is not about breathing uh this medit meditation is not about being numb this meditation is about pick each and every learning threat that is not processed that is not well acknowledged would coming up again and again and again and every acknowledged learning that's are wrong should come again and again and pick every piece of them and fix them go deep down and fix them that's the job

otherwise the breakup face like what a breakup face like it would continue like what a breakup breakup face breakup face I I'm going I'm going to explain this so that you understand that after you acknowledge a piece of information as a learning that piece of information is now gone through uh going through the process of building the neural network. The point is before you acknowledge you have to intentionally using your intention use learning techniques. There's a phase called learning techniques

to revaluate filter reshape that piece of learning. So it fix the whole narrative whole your narrative or the whole consciousness narrative and and at some point when the brain is overwhelmed and it uh or it feels like this is enough that's the most piece of information I can get about this topic now I can accept it I can acknowledge it but when this doesn't happen uh I'm sorry when this happens like the brain feels like this is the commitment this is the enough commitment that this

learning is enough now I can give importance to this learning new uh neural connections so I'm going to now start processing it when when the processing it you cannot actually get any more new information because if you get any more information about that topic the commitment or importance of those lunar con neural connections are going to be weakened. So you your brain can't allow that. So it touch thing that's called breakup. I'm I'm calling break up because is break up breaking up with all those things

because learning breakup all those things about that topic even if you go to the school and you learn something and you're now you're in the breakup phase you can't even go to school. You would not like to even remember the book. You you would not even remember. So if you also if you are let's say learning about some person you would not like to meet them unless you process them. So this is a phase where you had meeting that associated uh topics associated information about the about that

learning. So you uh that's the breakup phase and now if you're going through the breakup breakup phase for a lot of topics because your thread you have too many learning thread because this is a information consuming this is information consuming this is information consuming uh pans of the pace is the is age. So now we like to have more and more information, more and more information and we don't actually use learning techniques to uh reshape and uh reshape them and reform this and to fit our narrative and then

we don't acknowledge them. We don't process them. We don't give the time to process it. This is also another thing that I forgot that there is a time of processing. Now if you do something in the time of processing the processing gets halt and stage as a processing thread. So you know the thread stays uh in in threads are traceable consciously intentionally and they keep bugging you and there are probably many many threads that not processed and not processed good uh going in many many topics you have not

gone through the whole learning cycle and there are many many threats that are not uh evaluated in the learning technique phase. a lot of things in yourself and what we have to do is uh build a story using that right that's that that great solution that's what we do in thropy and um so this time like this is very uh the Um you are building a you building a story you are getting all those things you're you're doing all those things and uh you don't know any of them like you you're going through the suffering

but you don't know them you can't you can't actually learn but you don't know why you are doing this so I said you got to meditate but not with the breathing technique every time because in this situation of course breathing going to help but in this situation you got to be just deep down go deep down in your brain and think of maybe while you're breathing focusing on the breathing you are fixing picking up everything and fixing every every threat that's there. So you now your job would be not

pick information, not consume more information but learn more from least amount of information. So your learnings are accurate. So this is like a like a like a like a domino. Let me see this uh because this is all connected. If you learn uh if you uh get less information, you actually analyze more and uh slowly your uh speculation phase before action. Your speculation phase becomes analytical because you your your layer of your your perspective layer is really evolved that now it can also uh uh

take care of this speculation also. Now your speculation becomes really good. your predictability improves. So you learn better and because you learn better this information analyze more uh you so you learn more and slowly you learn more because of a lot of things and uh you actually uh contribute more to the contribute more to the to the to the civilizational context. So if you are really contributing a lot which means you're really connected. So I can't go further to this uh because uh this is this will be more speculation

from me and I would maybe I would be wrong about those ideas that goes further like you could actually contribute more to the civilization context and God you would be more close to God and God would be more connected with you. So you get more and more ideas and so this is like this would get get as a pure spirituality and uh at some point you totally get out get out of intentionalism which is dissolving your ego uh I'm I cannot understand this because dissolving ego or dissolving to the main flow.

I I believe there should be a difference with these two thing. When people say dissolving your ego, it's probably not as same as dissolving to the main flow. Because if you if you dissolve to the main flow, you are gone. You are now the same frequency to the god same energy to the god to the to the to the to the nature and now you are the part of the natural part of the god. So um uh then you are not a separate entity. So this this this different thing I hope because people doesn't talk about the

dissolving the domain follow this is only I talk about it. You see the whole thing is my idea and some of those ideas like I I get from other things many like most of the ideas are I'm getting I'm getting myself I don't know. So that's why you see probably this idea already exist on earth in some uh in some places. I just don't know. I just don't know uh because I do not read a lot. I have I take less and less information. I do not do this intentionally. It's just a while

growing up. It's a thing already um happening because as a I was a huge like I would read all day all night all the time when I was a kid and uh all those information was in myself and I could not handle because I could not handle that much because those information just keep bugging me and uh at some point I have to give up reading and process all those information. So this is the same kind of things I have gone through. That's why I could talk about of course otherwise if I do do not have the experience how how could I

understand talk but also uh like this is the initial idea that I also I would only be talking about the things I experienced then I learned that if I can get information from the uh greater consciousness it's just I do not have to experience everything I could just get ideas and knowledge from it that I have not experienced yet. Which is some kind of crazy way to think like and this goes further like uh uh because I feel like I have experienced everything. I feel like uh of course I you would not agree with

it. Nobody can do that. And I feel like because why I feel like is um every uh every word everything uh because my imagination is so vivid, so real. My imaginations I I I I feel like I experienced every word, every pain, everything. Then I also uh had real life experience uh which was uh just experiencing every sense that I have in my brain [clears throat] I have to experience it. So I would just go on the world and experience them and if something is not there I would create a situation to experience them

which was a crazy situation and I never felt like I am in control of myself. I have always felt like uh because I'm not going through going I'm not I'm not going with my intention. I'm going with the flow is coming and dictating the decisions are coming. The ideas are coming. I'm I'm analyzing. I'm acting. But if I even don't want to act, I'm still acting. So that's crazy thing to say sometimes. this creating to understand because I'm trying to understand what I'm doing what

I am also this whole thing is actually part of this uh understanding part of this attempt of understanding the those things and uh [clears throat] this breakup phase I have gone through so much way so much that I can't I would not even listen to those and I I I would not go to school every day. I I I would know. So my father was not really uh pushy about the schools or those things. He would like me to not go to his school. Of course he is like that. So sometimes he would say don't go there just go out

and uh be in the nature. That's what he wanted me to a lot of a lot of times. And uh I had this freedom and I'm I'm I'm I'm grateful for that because if I go to school for 3 4 days then the fifth day or sixth day I would not go again because like like I would go to school after one week two week and then I would not even think of about school. So I exper I I I experimented this learning tech uh breakup phase. I have uh used I have used many friends, many young girls and many adults also like I

I I used I I I I experimented this uh many times and for every situation, everyone without a single exception would everyone would go through this uh breakup phase. Everyone goes to recap and PTSD would come and bug this egg more like PTSD uh would make this situation worse because force learning is there. People try to learn in the breakup phase. They force themsel to learn in the breakup phase and because of this forcing they have this huge problem. Now their their their frontal lobe is tired and

PTSD they their neural connections are having problem is burning and uh it just a worse situation and people uh many times people will break up with the relationships I have with them because of this forcing nature. They feel like they have to force themselves to learn this even though they are going through the phase of breakup with this learning but since they have a relationship with me to have the commitment with me to keep the commitment with me they will force themselves and they'll feel like okay I

cannot do it so I cannot keep commitment with that person anymore so I will have to break up with that person too uh which is Which is really crazy to think that how things work in our in our life in our in our in our in our human context. The values we believe much more than the thing like like the more than the relationship I like more than me the relationship the value of the relationship matters more that he can't commit the to the relationship so break the relationship even though he could still keep the

relationship with me uh without even though they break the break the commitment, they could still keep the relationship with me, but they just would not keep the relationship with me because they they they think the the value is broken. So people actually care more about the value of things than the things itself. Uh so I also believe that this is the reason this is the reason all kind of speculation works because the the the mind that works for the works about the imag the mind um that that imagines

things is uh more real than the word. You see I have talked about the uh flood the flood flood effect. I think it is I I talked about this flood effect because people people's house and their their their uh their crops their their their like life savings would everything would go destroyed inside the river because of the flood and people would still be happy the flood. I talked about in this in in a flow theory in the in the flow lecture about this. You see that those flows work in in in the in that

mind in that imaginative mind where this that is real more real than this real world that we we we value that world we we that more than this that why I'm trying to understand and for that reason it uh we don't care about this world any that much because let's say we we we destroy everything we come back. We don't feel like we uh like everything is destroyed. We don't feel like we are destroyed. We still feel like we can we can still move. We can still grow, can still come back. And this even without

comeback coming back everything is destroyed. People still feels happy in the world. Many people would not agree with it because they care so much. So this is the I think this is another theory about care. that if you care something God would test it. So the point is keep things in purpose not in care. The purpose is not vivid. Per is not real more real in this in this intentional world. So purpose stays deep down and care is something intentional you act. Now uh if purpose is really uh like like vivid and real and it is uh

like purpose can be real which can be positive and negative. I'm talking about the positiveness here is that it purpose is real that our whole body vibe is it's expressing with with our vibe because the intention we have with purpose. Let's say we have a purpose and job of our intention to use that purpose and make it real and make it and express it with our whole vibe and that would let the universe render a reality to support that purpose to support that purpose. So purpose is magical.

purpose can change the world in the moment. But K is something intentional that I think the universe would envy with it would not like it that much. Yet it is there. uh because you are liking the real uh the world without I mean you are liking this intentional world more than the imaginative world because you are uh liking this imaginative world uh sorry more than this imaginative world uh to this uh intentional world uh God would test you for that thing you care and you you like to show you that the things you are caring is not

real. It can go away any time in this intentional world. It can go away. God can take it. So don't care that much care about this one. And just probably the lesson there. So if you care there will be a test and if it is a purpose uh the whole uh universe would help you to fulfill the purpose uh which is confusing to understand some point some people would not. So if you go through the learning cycle you may understand there's a lecture about purpose also. So you would understand what I mean by

that. So the the thing uh is that we talked about action uh of breakup and uh learning breakup is such a face that makes you stop learning that gives you the uh learning anxiety like one of the biggest source of a learning anxiety is this breakup phase and breakup is the absolute truth. You can say for a in in a learning cycle you cannot ignore the breakup phase. Just saying.

