I have to start with first this thing that movies are purpose engineering. So what is purpose engineering? Purpose engineering is something that your actions are recommended by other people. Your thought your learning are recommended by other people and a bunch of actions uh uh coming from that from that recommendation. The result of this recommendation that you are uh learning uh creating some more actions in you and resulting a new learning which uh can lead to a new purpose. So that's what purpose engineering is.

So I have a better understanding better explanation of purpose engineering in uh the purpose video. So let's explain this like how movies are like that. A director often a writer has a vision has an idea that he wants to express this thing. He wants to make people understand something, some uh enlightenment, some some story he wants to tell to to express some perspectives. So people should would understand your perspectives to look at the world. Now they would feel that that would make the world better. So uh in for this

reason uh movies are fundamentally to change people uh which is like to manipulate people. Now this manipulation can be positive or negative. The point is the fundamental of film making is about manipulation and uh it's just u not just the story or all those um uh acting or all those lighting and you know that a lot of like hundreds of things are in film making that are used and tech like everything has hundreds of techniques to manipulate people. So it keeps going and you would know that there's only

handful of great filmmakers. So basically there are you can count like count like how many great filmmaker on earth there are just a few of them and that comes like this because you got to have many perspective of the world many perspective. So if filmm is used uh film making is using a lot of fields lot of skill to make a film then you got to have a skill in many many fields but it's not just making many many field I mean learning many many field it also evolution of yourself in those fields

by like towards a height and that height is I said every every everything theory is like um that now you can now can you can explain everything from the thing you just learned if you learn something and you evolve so much in that topic that now you can explain the whole world everything on earth from that perspective so that's the highest of any skill a person can get get um and uh a filmmaker like that level would have this this experience with many many field now because they can explain any any

anything from any perspective they get a better picture they get a better better perspective now they they get more knowledge and with that they have direct experience of creating events. So film making is creating events that you want to create that's give like real like real life experience of how things works and uh that's why this is such a tough thing to achieve for someone. You got to go through evolution through a lot of things and it would take years just to go through on topic. Let's say music you'd

get go through music just for like five 10 years to understand to to uh explain the whole world with music which is greatly uh tough and if you go through acting and many other fields many other things that is used in film making you would be surprised that there are like hundreds of things there to go through and uh you you don't have to have the skill. You just have to have I mean the sometimes you don't have to have the skill but you will have a better idea than the skilled person because you have

a you have all those p perspectives with you. Now you can understand things better than the person who works on that and you can just direct them. So that's greatness of film directing and not every director is like that and this is not how you can get a great film making out of things. Now then your philosophy of whole life should have been in such a place that you see things that no one is seeing and you are showing that thing which is another fundamental of film making is that because you can you can do this purpose

engineering by making people learn things but what is the best way to do that? What is what is the best thing you can teach people that people would be like forced something like people would not be able to control themsel to to think like that like they would not be able to control themselves. So how would you do that? So this is a a very crazy technique. Uh so this crazy technique is that the best filmmaker or best writer or storyteller would have the understanding of our human context in a very fundamental level that they

could talk their perspective using those fundamentals that would be so low level I mean so deep so micro all those things that a normal person would not be able to think that far would not be able to judge them but that would be too new to them that they would always have no other way but acknowledge knowledge it and not just acknowledge it but all their thinking process all their thinking process would be now influenced by those things. They say if some new ideas, new perspectives are taught by a

filmmaker in a film that is so good and so uh deep and fundamentally explained that you and I all have the experience the same thing we have experienced on life but we have not thought about it in that fundamental level. Now he explain the director explains it with much more fundamental and for that reason you now cannot go back to your own highle understanding. High level mean your your much macro understanding of this. You would not work anymore because you have seen the light of the much more deeper thing. You

cannot go back to a a macro level. So you would have to have always have to think in the mic micro level that you just learned by the filmmaker and their perspective and their way of thinking and their way of understanding you must have to follow it. You will have you would have no other language to think. So thinking is also language and you will have no other way to think. You will just think using those information or those perspectives you learn otherwise you would not have any other way to think.

So this is how a filmmaker or an actor or any kind of uh interaction medium. So filmm is interaction medium you have to understand that I would have interaction medium video later I lecture on this also. It's introduction medium and in the introduction medium if you are you can be mesmerized with ideas that you have no I no idea how to judge and too fundamental that you cannot escape the enlightenment but you must think the same way now or from that perspectives. So now your thinking process is changed.

You look to the whole world changed because you come through this film uh that has purpose engineering. It engineer engineer your purpose part using a technique that's like called more fundamental and newer unique ideas. That's why great films that changes you are very few right and you can see the magic when you watch those film and now that we have already gone through we we have we have gone through all those fundamental ideas all those pretty microlevel ideas we have gone through them they are now part

of our life we synchronized with them because we synchronized with them. Now, now if we look at look back to those films, it would not work anymore. It would not be that more that much uh anymore because all those ideas now is part of you. You you learn them. You changed by them. That's a proof. That's a proof that uh movie made med uh this recommended flow or this purpose engineering worked. So the purpose engineering worked. This is a proof that purpose engineering work because now if you go back watching

to watch those film and you will see that it's not new anymore. It's not groundbreaking anymore because all those ideas now part of you. Now you and the and and and the river you are uh you are meeting have the same level of water that you are not like same level of things in your water and same things is not you're not um mixing anymore because it's is is like the same thing. You are developed and the film changed made you develop things and the director implemented those ideas those things in you which is

like their master of manipulation and in this purpose engineering what you always don't believe that those purpose and thoughts that you learned are legally allowed also ethically allowed yet they should not be but they're legally and ethically allowed because we praise them. Praise them for what? It's a crazy thing that we praise them for their quality of manipulation. The question you can ask like why do we praise their manipulation, their charisma, the things they are using, the techniques they are using to manipulate

me and I I get to like them. I like them. Why do I like them? Why do I have to like them? That's because fundamentally, if you go through the whole course, you know that human beings are always trying to manipulate each other, control each other. Now if they are learning if they are learning how to manipulate from a movie they they become that's the purpose of their their life that's the purpose of a person's ego the purpose of the person's pride. So now they would love it. They would like

it. They would follow it. They they would try to copy copy the copy those techniques. So that's why the great filmmakers are respected even though because of their manipulation you should be hating them because you would feel like somebody just changed me. I should not allow this. But we yet we respect them. We respect those great actors who can come in front of the screen and make you like um hallucin uh feel down make you like grab all your attention and play with your mind. They can create those feelings in you

using their perspective delivery and all those frequency technique of uh delivering perspectives and people all those techniques of interaction all those techniques of field theories hormonal traps hormonal manipulations liking and acknowledgement all those things they even teach you how to think. So think of like the world's greatest actor and you the difference between you and them how big this could go like you cannot I cannot compete with the person in my area like the like some of like

not the not even the best person like the average person I probably would not be able to compete with them uh with their charisma. How could I compete with the person who is like the world best actor in modern world or in the world in the world world? So this is crazy you cannot I cannot and uh we actually respect them and love them because of their character. So just like like intentionalismalism is so celebrated that we actually made all those controlling and manipulation techniques. Norm and our heroes

for decades have been the people who knows how to manipulate. We just know that they are great manipulator. That's why we love them. It's not because u it's it's not because they manipulated us to like them. That's true. But that's not the only reason we like them. We would not like them. If we knew that they are manipulating us just for same reason, we would just hate them. But because they are telling us how to manipulate from their uh it's not like they are saying it but from all those

things we can see that they how they're manipulating we actually for that reason we celebrate them we love them. Now I go through this like this acting master class. So how a actor can get their acting like how you can actually the master manipulator in in in a so in in a social interaction medium. Imagine you are in front of a group of people trying to talk to them and you have really great knowledge and you but nobody listening to you. Uh you have worth things worth saying that I mean you have things that that can be worth

listening to but people are not listening to you that's because uh that's because what could be the reason let me ask you first. So you think first so I can I I'm going to answer of course a very good way a lot of things that you'll be surprised to understand but first you got to give some thought you need that you would like you you can you can like open up to listen to me okay this is crazy because our I said in the learning cycle in the learning cycle We have a face that's I

call full body vibe. Full body vibe or just vibe. What does vibe means? What's the meaning of vibe? Vibe comes from vibration, right? Is is is like how I am vibrating. It's the energy coming out of me. How I my so I have a lot of part of my body and many of those parts can express things express perspectives express uh many kind of artistic you can say the artistic uh outlook or artistic perspectives or artistic behavior we can we can we can do many kind of things with our uh whole body.

So this full body vibe if it is scattered like your intentionalism in this face you can also understand in intentionalism is like OCD in this sense in this place I mean in this in this discussion right now that intentionalism is Not like is making your intention, your habit, your flow. Because of that reason, because intention is now in your flow, in your habit, you love intentionalism. So your brain learns to make intentionalism your own your flow. So you always try to use your intention when you should not be. So

when you are acting or you have a flow that's this is why your intention should not be there because flow would act on on it itself. But if your flows are you also have a flow and now also your intention is trying to use that flow that means you're consciously trying to use your flow and that would mess up your flow because flow is already learned already perfectly can do it. It's just your intention is creating disturbance to the flow to be used in your in your in your actions. For that reason

you actually mess up with things. Now after the the job of the flow is to create your vibe. Now if the flow is not accurately going on then your vibe are not accurate. Your vibe is not accurate is not uh is scattered which is like like the the body like whole body vibe gets scattered and many parts are acting uh are not are not acting to express that that the same thing. I mean many parts can express many things and they all are in a flow that you are not seeing like your hand has a now it's

it has a habit in those situations in in those in this in the in the situation of this action like habit of doing something but your in uh intention is telling to act in some other way but because the hand is moving without your intention, without your purpose. Now you're always getting all kind of conflict in yourself and because of this reason the vibe can't help that much. So people looking at you, people in society are not are are intentional but in many way are not intentional. One of

them is Understanding other people like understanding other people's perspective they can look at you and the whole your consciousness they can access. So if this see your consciousness and you need a full body expression and something is not adding up, something is confusing that they cannot connect, they would not talk to you anymore like they would not listen to you because your perspective which is is a crazy thing. Perspective delivery is not something they can connect or maybe you are just

using your wording not using your perspective or your full body vi V or your you're not actually using your vibe when you're trying to talk with people you're just using your wording. So now your vibe is uh expressing some different thing and your words are are describing some other things. This way people can't connect with you also. So people would feel weird and would not like to maybe focus on you anymore. So that's what uh like our the our vibe is and this whole vibe creates a purpose

which is unintentional. Purpose is like a hidden thing. So this whole thing is happening. You look at yourself and you see that many parts your of your body, many expression of you are not actually aligning with people. I mean aligning with your own words, own like own desire to talk with someone. So you want to talk to someone with some like how I want to talk to this person, I would like to talk with like this and this. I would like to share that. But you just find out is that when you talk many expression, many things are not

actually doing the things you are desiring to do. Many things are not are are are acting like something that that you should not be you not supposed to act like that. Many parts are not even listening to anymore. They are also has they got in a flow. They got in a habit. Now many parts you of your let's say your face just give get example of your face. Many parts of your face which says which which gives a lot of expression gets a habit like with on signal it starts acting the way uh that's weird because you learn to

talk you learn to act all those of things and you your actions all those things are weird because of all those suffering you had in life all those PTSD you have life all those things you learned it created a very unregulated expressions in your in yourself so that's a normal person with very little regulated expressions regulated expression is such a big thing uh that a actor and actor what they could do is they go to they go uh uh deep in their brain which is like um uh deep down they start thinking or

some other techniques could be like breathing techniques focusing on breath holding breath or maybe going through yoga or even just none of them just by just thinking and focusing on yourself you could see that a actor would see that How each of those expressions are getting triggered by compulsively triggered by what kind of thought? What kind of situations are triggering those those movements, those expressions and just going through on by on in all those things and um fixing the fixing them fixing the

expressions making it more regulated. But to do that the initial phase what we do is we do is become numb. So because now we an actor can intentionally it stops all those habits all those expressions all those flows of expressions that are that were not regulated and weird. Now they can just let them cool off for a few few few days. let's say for a week, for a day, for two weeks, for for a month. So now how do you do that? So the famous example is Mr. Heath leger who are inside a room for like 15 or maybe 1 month or 15 days.

There are famously many other actors have done that. I have done that also a few times. uh I had positives and negative both type of experience from the but from it but the first time when I did that I actually overcome and I actually could see how many way my face is acting weird my body all those things are acting weird because now because I am so focusing on my cell and I could like see how any way I am weirdly talking weirdly expressing myself and which situations because it's just growing up from the childhood I

could have a lot of experience lot of uh expressions that are not so fitting and uh because what's the word are like that and we go through phases of life and we learn to act differently because same kind of actions, same kind of things, some same kind of solution doesn't work in every age. So we have to go through and develop. For this reason, people on earth go through these cycles, go through these things but very mildly and without without probably uh knowing that this is that. So without knowing people would like but

people would learn also do these things but very mildly. But for a actor who is wants to be so great has to go through this. Now to go through this what the actor gets is let's say I want to get in a character uh what I do I would actually look at that character or think of that character and or look at the character and see how they act how they are all those micro expressions are coming how they are using their micro expression since I know how to control my micro expressions how they doing. I can look at them. I can see and

when you start looking at micro expressions and I went so micro that I could see people talking uh like I could understand people even before they talk before I could tell what they're going to talk even before they're talking which was crazy at some point uh because um I was so early of my life I was young and it become a like I did I I actually I do things too much that it becomes my autonomous flow autonomous uh nervous system keeps bugging me and it becomes like OCD like things for me. Uh it's

like most of those things I have it's like OCD like problem. Uh so that's why I think I see everything as a flow probably this could be a huge m misunderstanding for me too. uh but I I I I take the chances so I still talk about flow and I think it's same for everyone but yeah I would love to be proved wrong so the point is here that all those flows that you can't control it gives OCD which is normal natural OCD is normal and natural this is how people learn that's what I think so even psychology

thinks that OCD is a disorder I don't think I think I think excessiveness is always a problem but calling it a disorder is always ces some kind of conflicts in human mind and people thinks it's a bad thing and it's hard to come out of those things look I was I was raped a lot of times in my childhood very early of my childhood I don't feel bad about it never I never actually felt bad about it because I never knew it was bad that time It's crazy that it shaped my life. Now where I am, all those things happened to

my life afterwards. All those changes are defined my life has has has made me like I had to I I was I have to be I had to do things uh for that reason and it totally directed my life of course but I never really felt like that was bad though instantly that was bad but I never actually thought That's so I was fine. I I never I never needed a therapy for that thing. I never bugged me. Never felt like because I can go really deep. So I know if it is bugging me I never felt it. So you never it is never

in my mind. So the point is crazy bad things can happen to If you don't know don't know that they are bad it it is it will it is fine it's not a PTSD it is not a suffering it it doesn't become a suffering if it is not attached with anxiety so this is crazy uh many so psychology psychology can like diagnose a disease in some person disorder and that person would suffer because they they thought they diagnosed it as a problem and Now it's a problem. So OCD may not be a problem. The I think

I will I have a very big explanation of how OCD is not a problem is not a is not a thing but uh I would not go there here but this is a different discussion. The main point is that um a actor goes through a lot of things and to make them an actor which is very crazy and people also goes through this without understanding them without knowing explicitly that it is that but not every actor goes through this. This is like all the greatness here. All the greatness here. And uh nobody told told me that. I think I figured it out. But

uh so I could be wrong. I figured it out. I could be wrong. But I think this is the way of being a great actor. Now if you become a great actor now you know how to do it because now you can focus on micro expression of you and of other people. Now you know how they're going to think, how they're going to talk even before they talk. You are basically can control the person in real time in the moment. and make them act for you. Because if since you know everything they are thinking, everything they're talking,

you can just hid it right in the moment before they talk and they would not be able to talk. But just follow your order just instead. That's a quality of a charisma which is one of the very high level and very greatly done. It could be uh it's it's not it's it's just focus. It's just conc concentration of all those things. You can hack people like this. It's just concentration. Like if you gone through all those lectures, you have seen that all those things I say are technically

using pure logic that you can actually h get them through logic step by step with authenticity. Even though I talk about uh spirituality, I do not bring them to explain things. That's why you would understand that you would understand that actually how things work and it is possible to explain you using human fun uh human context your fundamental feelings that I say that we have fundamental things that are used to understand just like we have a language inside just not word and that is used to explain or

understand the whole world and uh uh this what what I that we can actually be so much manipulative, so much manipulative when you go through this acting techniques and you can become some of the greatest actor on on earth. Uh you can ask me like uh how great can you get? Well, this is without experience. This is how you do without the experience. When you gain experience of real life then you can be like Mr. Jack Nicholson you can be like Mr. Robert Den you can be like Dustin Hoffman if you gain

experience in many part of life like if you go through like you're 35 you're 45 you're at those situations now you are a great actor because you know what's actually authentic authentic in that situation but before that if you if you go go through those techniques you try to mimic people the full learning cycle would not like this would not be a full learning cycle. many phases of the learning cycle would be would not be completed and the the part we will miss here. I call the part

like reality part or uh this is not a great great way to expl I I just I have few names for this thing because I do not like this part word but anyway I uh so I said this this actual the can which says actualization so I like that word from kany so actualization is a great word like like we've gone through this experiences actualizations to actually learn things. This is this is also answer some questions in uh a learning human learning cycle is that if you are doing something like this anything you do it creates

a desire to feel the full learning cycle because you're missing some phase of those of the learning cycle. Now you have to actualize it. So for that you have to go through the whole cycle. So you got to create your own experience and for that reason I probably that's what I think I created event on real life which is like psycho uh sociopathic nature I had I had my time so which is sociopathic nature like like people start to experience things. Another characteristic of this kind of thing is

that going in in a in a situation which is like like there is a situation you don't have experience with. So you look at you find a situation you go there and you start acting in there. You start doing things in there and that's what uh that's a uh that's what uh politics is. So you create um situation I mean sorry you create agenda you create because you don't have anything to do there it's not your thing you just go there and create your own agenda and just what politics

is and uh um so actors with this kind of skills becomes politicians uh also uh so that's this two way they go probably there are many more ways to go but this is the point here that they go as a actor as a politician uh but to it's just a desire to fill the whole learning cycle actors a actor has to be sociopathic to create real life event by manipulating people. So that's uh this on characteristic sorry manipulating people and then this that's one way like being sociopathic and then being politicians

by creating agenda or making people fall for the agenda that there is something going on. You got to look at this and it will it is hurting you or it is not helping or it is helping you. This kind of things position create and enforce people make people believe that they you got to go do there. So that's hard. It's like going in a situation or creating a situation or could be just both that happens. So that happens a lot of too. So this is how the top of the top mind would work would work.

This is how the some of the the greatest players on earth who's controlling who can control the world by uh like huge margin than the normal average people would have no idea because if they even have idea they don't have the skill to come in front of me I'm sorry come in front of the person it could be me of course like let's say I'm the actor they coming in front of me and I have the skill to uh control even their every expression before it coming or while it is coming. I I know the right expression to block

your expression even without saying a word or even saying word. This is crazy skill that a normal person would never know that they are there unless they meet the great people on earth. They would not understand how it can go and let's say a very spiritual person comes how they fit in in this situation. A spiritual person would have a also have like similar kind of persona. Now all three type of person would give you something I call significance. So if they come in front of you or come in front of a situation in a place a

actor comes and stands in a in a frame like you are going in a place you are in a place standing there looking at the whole scene and let's say a great actor you know standing right there. So without the actor and with the actor how the whole thing would change? The whole thing would change if the actor is there and it the whole thing would be different if the actor was not there. Even your your attitude would change a lot. Now imagine a person who let's say a spiritual person or a because he he's not known to anyone. A

person who is not known to anyone but he also have this persona. He also have the significance. He's a prophet. So the prophet comes and stand there. You don't know would you be able would you be able to go and manipulate that person control that person the same way you can control another person like using all those acting techniques. Would you be able to do that? It depends. It depends on how many control how many how how much control that person have. So if if the person is really really

spiritual, he would have really great control over over his expressions and he would see through the person another another person there. And if you just bring like a great actor and great spiritual person right there, uh you will see that how it happens, how it how they dissolve into each other, how they start respecting each other. uh because they all know that this they are seeing the light, they are seeing the enlightenment, they're seeing the each other's consciousness, they're accessing each other's and and

they just know that they can't control each other. So you can you can you can do this kind of u like experiments and you will see how uh the hierarchy of controlling works and at some point the hierarchy doesn't work anymore. people give up and they become friend and they become uh so it's like this like similar kind of people who do similar kind of controlling ability becomes friend otherwise uh one would be the control controller another would be the sub submissive one so that's so let's see um

let's see let's see let's create learism or perspective network using stories or movies. So this is a crazy crazy thing. Another crazy thing is that um let's say we we learned the many perspectives when you watch movies. Now how many movies did you watch so far? How many movies? Imagine you have watched 500 movies in your lifetime or 1,000 movies in your lifetime. Maybe just 100. Now who made those movies? Who are those directors? Who are those studios? Who has enforced the purpose engineering?

Who did the purpose engineering? Now gather the data. Now you see because you liked on kind of movie, you liked similar kind of movie. So this way if you bring all the data you will see that similar kind of people made the movie for you who are enforcing similar kind of purpose in people and you will see it's not on movie it's thousands of movie or hundreds of movie 100 hundreds of movies that give U A1 a network of perspectives. You see I said network of perspectives are a what are a different kind of world a network a

world a parallel a little like a parallel universe is there in our human consciousness and they could create their own perspective network using those 100 movies that you watched. Now imagine postp purpose engineering would be there. What now? H how they how they how they change you? That's the purpose engineering here. How they change you? How all those 100 movie change you? So one movie you change you this way, another movie change you this way, other movie change you this way, this way, this way, this way. All those

100 movie made you you made you something. Now all your ideas all those things are created by this filmmaker. All those things you have are created by the filmmaker or the uh any other storyteller or the the the writer of the book or the YouTube video maker all those things. Um so this way you can see how you can get manipulated and there would be perspective engineering or a layer created there. Now do you know the magic of a layerism? The magic of layerism is it survives cycles and collapse, limits and resets.

So it's uh things that go like like all the result all the result of this of this 100 movies like all the all 100 movies gives you like thousands of perspectives and all those thousands of perspectives created a layer and that layer is something that survives through cycles. callups, limits and resets. Crazy that some of those learnings, some of those learnings you would not even see because you would not see the because they are layers inside the layer that because you cannot go even go through

every perspective you learn. How could you go through through the layers? It's very tough. You can just guess. You can mimic what your layer learned because it's fundamental feelings inside yourself that learned it. Not your consciously wording language. It didn't it cannot bring the whole thing cannot unlearn that whole thing. So such a crazy thing. So so so you would not even see those things that you are you learn but you the the deciding factor of your of your actions. So just this way you would not be able

to see that you would able to unlearn them even those survive collapse you not be able to learn and learn them every collapse you go through in your life every broken face never announce them crazy answer is true so you see I talk in level that's totally if you would normal people like normally most people would find like it's too deep that I can't even judge them. You see the problem here? If somebody is talking this deep, it's hard to uh it's hard to reject them because if you listening and all those

ideas are so fundamental and so good, you change it changes your thinking process. Okay? like it becomes it becomes like I talk to people and it always becomes uh like their defining factor of their of themselves and that's why uh there was a time when people around me would not be able to listen to me because that would make them sleepless night and people would avoid me because my word would give them sleepless night because I would give them things, new things to think about uh that they would not be able to escape

unless they go through them. is so fundamental, so logic uh so logical it feels like to people uh which is crazy that I I had my phases of understanding of human pe humans and if I were not a spiritual like loving people like like um like when I went through some phases of film making it's not it was not all about manipulation it was not I I I learned to look at everyone and their way like the actors I would get or people I would get I will figure I will find the actors all those things I would I would

actually find everyone great in their own way and uh I would I would I I would I I have I I find and I see the beauty on in everyone even they are hurting me they are bad people to me yet I see the beauty in them that what made me learn through this film making that's how what I learned it is hard for me there was this time it was impossible for me to dislike someone or hate someone even though they are hurting me I would not be able to do that which I was so much into everything I do actually uh I do too much and I cannot

control at some point I I I it is it becomes too painful. So this this is a whole things this is a cycle of this keeps going with me. So now this whole the next thing is let's create a scene framing and put an actor in it. the security scene or framing and let's put an actor in it. So do you understand what framing is even though if you are a filmmaker you would not understand what framing is. It's not how you think it's more than that. So a frame is a perspective. But you learn that a fil a frame is a is

a is a is a is a feelings. So what you do is you try to create feelings in your in every frame and you feel like your job is to create a feeling to the people you were watching the film. Now to create feelings what you do is you use all kind of manipulation techniques that we use in all those colors, lighting, sounds, actors, dresses, all those things you use. And yet the scene feels flat. Flat because you are creating a feelings not a perspective. So it's not creating feelings, it's creating perspectives.

Because the feelings fundamentally that we talk about here are actually fundamental feelings that I talk about that has no language but in us like a concept and concepts all concepts all those things also have the perspective. Everything has perspectives and everything has a context. Everything has a story. Just think like everything has a context, a perspective, a story, a continuity, a narrative like everything is emergence. So many way. So it's not feelings. What is feelings? them. I say fundamental feelings but they are

fundamental language. You can say they are not actually feelings but we feel them because we have no way to explain what is that because you show me something I understand it and I say that I felt it I understood it. It's not the feeling is other things that we have no way to explain it's something fundamental but I I say fundamental feelings but actual feelings are hormonal good bad weird sacredness. So I say like these four or five kind of feelings I can find that are really helpful here. Sacredness means

good and bad together which is anxiety and reward all together. So so all those kinds of feelings are like hormonal. These kind of feelings are hormonal feelings. So this is different kind this this feelings are hormonal not the not the language the fundamental language the fundamental feelings I'm talking about is it's just hormonal things so you are not creating hormonal feelings in a frame that's not your job this is where you confuse yourself to create something that has a has perspectives or

uh this is the learning cycle I talk The learning cycle everything can result a cycle a phase or all those things with perspectives that everything becomes a story. You can do that and uh that's what you should do in every frame. Do understand that framing has a continuity and the greatest films on earth you cannot find a a great one the the greatest film you think of and you will see the framing has continuity not not every film has continuity framing continuity I can think of the greatest

It's just my personal opinion of course the I lubiski field that's children of men children of men is is is the example of framing continuity with like uh the whole like the framing is the main character of that film that's what I feel like and uh if the framing is right uh then that's that becomes easy that it's become easy to make the great film and if film framing is not great, the framing continuity is not there, nothing and even how many things you do good in that film, it would not work.

uh like like Hisco's north by northwest you can see like how every frame and every production design is such a way in such a way that the continuity is created by production design not completely with framing continuity but continuity with production design. You can see in the in in the film and uh you'll see the difference of framing continuity and production design continuity. The two different thing we can we always we mix them up and we feel like it's the same thing. It's not the same thing. So

you see how crazy that you have colors that give you feelings. Then the production design can give you p creative creative perspective colors, dresses, lights, sounds and how many more like lot of things you do to create create the scene. Now these great actors, these kind of great actors which I which I explained before like this persona, this significant persona, if you put if you take this significant significance persona and put them in front of in in in the in the scene in the scene in the situation

The scene you create in the framing with all those you create now you put this person in the scene. Similar way in a real situation, in a real life when you uh you know you you have a place you you you go into a place and there was this great actors standing there the whole thing changed. Now since this is the film is a very controlled situation not surrender all those things are created by manipulation to make you feel something make you understand something to make you understand a perspective.

When you put the actor in the scene, that actor gets more concentrated. What's the word? uh like more concentration or more focus that can be really like uh earthshattering though you cannot you may not say it earthshattering it will be if you figure it out that how many a film can manipulate you now this manipulation becomes big manipulation. To understand this why this is such a big thing you have to go through this field theory that good means happiness happiness sorry means instant acknowledgement

bad means Anxiety or other kind of bad things stays in brain until you figure out how to process it or how to face it. Now we are means something stays as a question in your brain that you consciously or intentionally try to figure out how to solve it which is a intentional intentional you can you can create questioning other people and they would intentionally use this thought think about it and will change according accordingly learn accordingly. So that's weirdness and sacredness means means

instant acknowledgement but secret message is that you cannot have a question or anything about it. Uh like you can have doubt about it. You can think you can but about these feelings. If some resources is giving you good feelings you would like it you become happy and instantly acknowledgement uh happens but you can also rethink about it revelop it like you can choose sometimes if you want. If you do not want to choose, it will have instant acknowledgement. But the accurateness means you don't

even have the ability to uh change it, revisit it or anything because it's sacredness means your your mind is blocked from thinking about it wrong way. You cannot judge it anymore. you lose the capability of this. So this is what religions use. Now films are intentional. So that's why legions are not intentional. So that's why legions can can go with sacredness. But films are intentional. So they can't go with sacredness. People would hate it. People would see the manipulation too much.

This a film. This the film use a very great technique which is weird. Weirdness means it stays as a question in the initial thing initial situation and it keeps solving the problem. Now the weirdness stays as a question mark and it drives you to solve this question mark. You drive through the whole learning cycle and all all those things and you create your learning create your purpose create all the things. This is this is the uh this is the mechanism way to do this uh what's the first place

this manipulation and purpose engineering actually. So this is the way to do it. Now let's say uh you go through all those things you have like 6 month or one year sorry uh or few years you have you have watched all like 500 movies so far. Now can you list the things like how many recommended followers created in in you by those films? Can you list them? So this is a fallacy. My my own understanding is that this is a fallacy because people can't name because people do like hundreds of things

but they don't think them at the same time. That's why they feel like they are doing like 1 2 3 4 5 things. We cannot think all those things because of our single state of action mind. Our action mind can think of only one thing at a time. So probably one two three five four things we know that we are doing. But if you just just start writing in a paper like how many things actually I am thinking I'm doing or all those things and how many flows I am recommended by all those movies. You can see that if you keep

listing them you would not be able to finish the list. It will keep coming. Like right now you can write five list five things in the list but tomorrow day after tomorrow things will keep coming to you and you will see that the list would not even end like how many things I have learned it just keep coming and all those hidden flows that you thought there is that they are not there now you'll see that oh my god there's too many flows I can see that I am moving with all those flow I'm acting

With all those flow, I'm directed by all those flow. Even I don't even know that I'm directed by all those flows.

