This is dead by control and structure. And last in in last lecture what we have seen that uh we are into the existence as a entity who has a different flow than the whole existence flow. Existence is also a flow. In that flow the job of the uh soul or you call ego or you call uh a distinct different individual has its purpose to different than every other fellow. So to keep it its individuality and that gives us why I call this uh ego is a status actually his status control. It wants always uh to keep his status

and to keep his status it has to look at other flows and other flows and it has to be sure that it doesn't dissolve into other flows. And if that happens since we are energy fundamentally uh scientifically uh we all energy and uh it can dissolve in any uh and different ways. So the purpose of us to survive and to survive what we do is we look at other flows and other flows and we see that the whole universe has many many flows and they are just interacting with each other and all the objects

on all the intentional beings and all the uh spiritual things all are interacting and creating what do you call this uh changes. Now because of the changes things evolve and we see a lot of things that we don't know what happens to those things and those things changes we actually have this uh pride to look at those changes and control the outcome of those changes. I call this a pride of intentional being. And we look at those changes and we try to control them. At some point we see that some of those changes they

uh actually um are negative for us. So there's like we cannot control the change actually and we can't predict the outcome of the changes. I call this negative uh predictability and u and positive predictability that we know those things are good. So these changes are unstable too fast and changes are stable. So if you if you look at it we see chaos and chaos means randomness and in into in this randomness we see some possibility or probability of things and we actually predict some probability and the pro we

actually marry the probability we actually uh marry into actually uh the word would be better word would be we actually uh commit to that probability. Say comed is is actually hope which is betting on future and little hope little predictability gives us a hope and we bet on this that hope bet on that future who which is betting on nothing you can say because future is not there yet and hope is betting on nothing and we do that and that gives us a importance but and the negativity will also gives us

anxiety and anxiety gives us a I [snorts] call this like more control more desire to control and this situation if we have the desire to control because negative predictability gives us anxiety we [snorts] what I do is we call uh I call this um uh to control um the anxiety we what you call this learning. So at this point we start to learn we start to see to learn things so that we can fight this negative irility. So that much we are committed to do something and because all those things that learning that comes into our

character and becomes our character flow. So flows in human context and flows in the uh universe context are different like there are different kind of flow that's because everything is flow and all all the all the things are different different type of flows in our character you can call habit is a flow or you can call those I I call this autonomous actions are actually flows because autonomous action s allow us to do things without command. It's a flow going on and it works without commanding.

You just let's say something in your intention always keep going, keep going, keep going. You try to use that intention to do something because you got that intention from an idea, from an understanding, from a learning. Now at some point your brain learns learns that this person is using this intention to reshape his life reshape himself. So what it do is it uh already it actually takes that intention that intention is actually basically what we do is uh command or or consciously tell our brain what to do or

how to do but the brain thinks it should be autonomous. I don't need to command it all the time. it can go in as a character as a flow of myself and I can move work and act uh using that flow all the time without intentionally giving it the command. So that's what becomes I call this flow. All right. [snorts] So now what I do is in the human context we all see our flows of things which is we call the momentum of the flow. We see the momentum of something is flowing. Something has the continuity. And look at this momentum.

And what we see is that we see many many flows from us and from other people and from all the things in the in the world and our purpose is to control the outcome of those flows in the even in the human context. So what we do is we look at each other and we try to control each other. It's the same philosophy, same concept but in the human context. So every flow we want to control to have a positive predictability to have a positive predictability. But that's why we said because there's a

negative predictability we learn. So when we learn we try we become wise and we get like uh we we get to know the positivity of it and we we we we then [clears throat] can relax and to solve like this kind of things. uh we we get like this is like a uh like another autonomous action or autonomous generalization or how do you call we become like more evolved because we we have a uh learning evolvement that we evolve and that evolvement evolvement takes us towards something We call I call this uh this ego become a

status in society a status in society and we want to control the positivity of this status. So its status is like a derived form of this initial entity that we want to be individual in this like individualism and different from each other and yet uh it is actually evolved towards a status in society and the purpose of this status is actually driving force of this modern society or all those things happening. Let's look at um any fight around you around you. Any fight in in almost all cases what you'll see

is that uh people don't tolerate being disrespected. And uh if you actually go to people and give them their status, it's like becomes um more smooth to interact with them. And if you break their status, they would not actually make let you do anything. So people people would die for a status. People fight for status. um the politicians um and um like they are talented of course and they can do many things but they choose to do politics. It's not because uh just it's easy money but also it's a

status and you see that you don't want to be dead right you don't want to fight you don't want to be in a position it to be in danger but to keep your status you go by yourself and you kill for it you die for it the fights uh All the all the all the like from the bottom to the top all the fights and everything are mostly about this like all the biggest fight on earth are about status and let's go here um say let's say initially we start with this uh idea of like uh how we come together and start

exchanging our pro our our our product how we produce and our goods with each other for the need of the bigger bigger need like like a lot of things you need in life just so you you actually exchange your produced goods to other people. So you can get another thing and have a uh complete like uh inventory or complete complete uh food for yourself. Now what you do is when you see that people just use those kind of things and exchange and for their need. Some people would look at and see that like their status would want more

accumulate more. And to accumulate more, we want to have more and more food we don't need or more and more things that we need but more than what we need which is like fulfilling our desire which is maximizing maximizing the want instead of minimal need. So when you um actually fulfilling your maxim maximizing your want there is like people around the world who is creating they have a limit of creating things and because of this limitation it's like you could like distribute all the things

that we create and have a happy uh normal economics which is which would be fine for for but we want to maximize our want. That's why somebody is going to have some less and somebody is going to have a lot of things and we pile up things. Because we pile up things we see that the control of the massively needed products. If we can control the production, if we can control the uh what do you call this uh store store we we stock we actually have like uh the ability to have like uh uh better control

on like our civil our our society because we have money and money is exchanging tool and we can pile up money. But pi money is artificial and it changes in like after the border and it also changes afterm change it also changes is uh somebody attacks and take over the place and the value of money gets can get changes. So it is artificial and it doesn't um it it it it it doesn't have as have value as a actual good actual product. So what we could do is we could use the money to control the people because the

people are in the flow of wanting money. So we give them money and they don't know that if we control the production we are much more control controlling than the actual money is doing. So what we do is we try to control the production of the goods. We try to control the trading of this of this and transportation of this all those kind of things to have a better control on us. But some people would still want to know how to do that. They may learn to do this. So what I do is we try to share our

knowledge with people with more and more uh manipulation or more and more filtering more and more uh reformation the information. So information filtering is such a tool which is fundamentally we everyone uses uh so that other people can understand them better. So if you have an idea you try to share with with people and people would not get it and so you try to improve that idea but at some point you learn that if people get it really they would learn better than you and they would make they may control you and if

they try to control you what you do is you reform and reshape these words in a way so that people just get the that you know a lot but they don't get the thing whole thing which is called generalization. Generalization is actually removing perspectives. So that's what we do when we talk and when we share information they don't we don't want people to know everything what we understand. So the people could use that knowledge against me. So for that reason we try to do information filtering. So

production control then information filtering you see this is like let's say a mathematical mathematically when mathematic starts mathematic starts when uh you have a set of things before that it's just arithmetic But if you have a set of things and you have mathematical interaction between them which you set rules. So interaction has a rules as a rule and the universe starts with all the set of things elements in it and the changes of interacting in between them and the changes comes after the interaction are

actually has a lot of a lot of rules based on those rules we change. Now if we change based on this rules in our human context it's like similar kind of thing and we also are set of things and we interact and we have rules of changing which is our personal individual rules and those rules makes us different makes us evolve we learn. So it is such a fundamental thing and because uh we have this we have this uh like like what do you call this control in us like it's not just learning we I say there's

two things like status control learning you can also call flow in it I don't always put flow in here and we're flowing and we have flow means actually you can say wave frequency all those things uh come together this is too much I think that's why I just I I just don't I skip it actually so learning control status what do we what happens if all those three thing comes together and let's say Um let's say um I I I call this I call this like um those are literally like we we we have

all our individual rules to changes to interact with each things and we learn and develop by this. This is learning and we have control and we have our status to keep us uh different from each other. What gives us the whole human context? The becomes the fundamental of whole human context. There are few more things. I don't remember all those things all the time but the point is those things builds our things. So this is this is reason I call this control structure. mathematical structure. Now you may

confuse with this controller structure is uh like the uh computer science programming has control structure and it has it also has flow statements and flow control all those things similar kind of cont uh context actually uh but I'm not talking about that control structure so control structure is actually we are building intentionally Ali structures all the time to control our learning the change of ourselves and the change of other things around us and because of the changes we try to control of each other I mean try to

control the change of each other what we get in result in result of those three all those of those three things sorry is deception Because you got to act based on a decision like in in the learning cycle we saw that decision is the one of the most fundamental and first thing we do before we act and before now before we act if you are deceived about like there's lot of information and you don't know what to decide and lot of manipulation and we don't know what to decide you see all those things everybody's

deceiving your only action only way is to deceive other people's so deception is basically the result of a control structure if I write here control structure let me Put some word here so that it doesn't go in the bottom. Yeah. Now this a random word. I don't like it. So let's put on 2 3 4 5 like this. Okay. Like this. Okay. Now you I can write here. So control structure if we look at a control structure fundamentally any structure a human being build in in his thought in in the outer world inner

world everything we actually do is control structure to control some changes. So fundamentally we cannot have uncontrolled structure which is impossible to create an uncontrolled structure. Now because of this control structure we we always see deception that's the only way to survive only way to keep our individuality or otherwise other people's flow or recommended flow if you uh learned in the previous uh section that recommended flow is something that is used to control us create cohesion with control.

recommended flow is something like that. So you submit to that people, submit to that flow and deception is only way to fight that. If somebody is really big and powerful and you cannot uh unacnowledge or reject their recommended flow, then you have to act like you accepted it. Then you also not then uh in many many to get something you have to deceive people. Actually if every interaction in a control structure is a trading control is control what is what we trade in every interaction then deception is only way to survive.

And you see that this this is a power hierarchy in a control structure. The person who starts the control structure always it mostly stays on top like this. So like this uh this is like a pyramid structure. So it's like a pyramid structure people and this top person can get discarded can get uh defeated and somebody can take over it because this is a game of deception. So people can like change like they interact and they in this the control structure always gives us what do you call this pyramid structure

and this pyramid structure means People are going to change. People people interact. They change, they learn, they create flows in each other and they change the position in result. This is how trading control is in the in in the pyramid structure. And because of this kind of game is happening all the time in everybody's head that gives us like like like all kind of techniques evolvement our learning technique evolves here. So this is the uh if you learn about the learning cycle this is a learning

learning we have learning techniques in our field and this technique evolves because of those interactional changes. So if you start a control structure that means you're on top and if you can bring more people to that control structure like build a community they come below you unless you are uh defeated by someone here. So what I call is that uh a control structure has a provider and it has a community and uh the rule is basically uh the governance rules are created by the provider who can who can power who

can have a who can have a power and uh but those governance rules are easily breakable because Those are uh like breakable rules but they are created in our mind by recommended flow. Now this is a strong way to do it because you are not actually maybe not punished by those if you break those governance rule. Nobody will know. You can't I can't go in your and track you track you every time you make a mistake and and don't don't follow the rules. It's not important. But the point

is we have a thing called recommended flow. Flow is a character habit a habit of a character in this system. And those habits are very tough to uh what do you call this? uh tough tough to have like a habit creating a habit is tough if creating a flow is really tough and getting off a habit getting off a flow is really really tough and that's why if you if I am able to make you learn something it's really tough for you to not unlearn it so I can be sure that you are going to follow the rules

and like if you acknowledge the rule you're going to learn it and it becomes your flow. It becomes your character if you know the learning cycle. It's it's not too tough. And then if you want to unlearn it, this is like a heavy thing. So I can be sure with like rules and it's like there's nothing to punish you. Nobody can to punish you. Yet you are following the rules and then um you have your individuality which is the biggest which is a fighter with the rules all which is which always

wants to keep it individuality doesn't want to cohesion with other people uh to be submissive all the time to be controlled. It doesn't want to be controlled. So our ego wants to be a distinct different individual. It doesn't want to be uh part of any flow or doesn't want to be dissolved into any flow because that would be the destruction of it. Now the community has some like it automatically gives us some interaction rules based on the uh characteristic of individuality of all

the whole community. We have seen and that we interact with each other help with each other and we try to grow up in this structure. We we try to grow up in this structure. But at some point when you see that this is really tough to grow up in this structure because some people like on the top would not they become really uh powerful because they uh have cohesion with each other and they don't let other people to move up to the ladder because they have they are already uh the positions are already taken because it's

just less and less people on the top. There's a reason to that I call this single state of action because sing the whole universe is built on this idea that everything has to come on come like at the end there will be one single thing to control everything. It's always a hierarchy. It's always single action. It cannot be two action at a time. It's not possible. It's not possible. So at some point it has to be his own thing. So people just would fight each other and they let's they say they are their

need they there it's not just their want they can't even fulfill their need and they fight and they break the social structure and that brings the collapse of society. Now if I'm really really like like wise and u let's say um I'm a provider of cont structure I'm making a control structure and if I don't want to like things have be bad or I don't want things to be happening like like destruction of society or I don't want what I do I would actually try to create

a controlled structure and that's not possible it's impossible to create uncontrolled structure so how would they create uncontrolled structure it's just we can mimic the mimic it let's say if I create some rules that mimic that that like against the rule of the control structure. The rule the properties of the control structures are deception the pyramid and then what we call recommended flow and this a field theory which is used to control each other. I have not talked about field theory yet probably and

let's talk about that. This is also my my understanding my theory. This is no peer review nothing here and I don't have time for it because I'm always writing. So I really don't I can't do any other things other than this because all those things just I just keep coming keep coming and I just keep writing. So field theories I call this good, bad. The fundamental feelings like good, bad and uh weird or sacrate all those feelings are used to create a hormonal discharge in us and create instant

learning in us. So instant learning mean instant acknowledgement. Acknowledgement means neuroplasticity or neural connection build up which at at some point becomes your intention to reshape the your world and at some point becomes your character flow and at some point it becomes your whole personal story or your character your purpose your vibe. So this is how we learn. So if I can recommend something in you and you learn it you actually I can put flows in you very easily. is not really tough. They say, "Yeah, I want to

manipulate someone. How I do it?" But they don't want to be manipulated. So what I do is I would just try to give hormonal lectures like say the bad thing, do it in a really good way so that they get confused. They like your smile but they don't like the word. So your smile like if you keep doing that at some point your the brain will think like the it is an autonomous action it should be a flow because it is happening all the time. Uh if that happens or it the brain acknowledges it creates

a habit in that person and they learn what you want them to learn. uh this is not really a that of a secret as we know but if you probably do not know that this is that easy this is actually that easy to change people. So all those things are like like properties of a control structures that we fundamentally get because of the result of all those things here. What do you get? We get a bad bad we get bad we get bad society. We don't get a good society. The fight is you want to create an uncontrolled

structure but you cannot. So what you do is you create rules that explicitly say that how those things are happening. Like if I have an idea, some knowledge, some understanding, some charismatic creation content to you, the system should always let all the people say and decide how my idea is recommending flows that I could be used for my benefit. How I'm trying to use those field theory to manipulate it. how I'm trying to create like deception how the primate primid is looking and um how the learning cycle is working to

make you learn that things and all those things like all those things that a control structure has we try to see how much bad I am doing and is this for good and bad purpose how the idea is helping or hurting Only that way we can face it and if we don't do that like if we do that this extra thing this not intuitive all the time extra thing means which is learning and which is is associated with anxiety. So this is a tough thing to do but if you don't do recommend flow is something really bad that it makes

people happy and happiness makes you dumb but anxiety makes you makes you makes you um smart. So you you got to do this or you going to be dumb. It's like it's like there is no middle point here because people are going to manipulate you to create happiness flow in you uh hormonal discharge and make and make make use of

