lecture I would like to talk about the dead by new recommended flow. [snorts] What is recommended flow? It's going to blow your mind is everything everywhere and all at on what I'm doing here I'm preaching about recommended flow by those lines. So the initial two lines are about praising the recommended flow. Now does this ring a bell? Like what is it? If I am telling you to do something, to follow something, to obey something without telling what to obey, what it is or uh what what's the

concept? Well, it's a concept of sacredness. something is sacred it has it you respect it so much you don't want to uh reveal it so this one way of creating recommended flow if I am not that smart I'm just telling you to believe in something believe in me. But I'm not saying there is something bad if you don't believe it. And usually if something is good, if you believe something is good, you instantly acknowledge it. And when is something bad, you don't acknowledge it. Now, how those three things create

magic? Because there's one thing that's called weirdness. Weird feeling. Feeling, weird feeling, bad feeling, good feeling, sacred feeling. >> [snorts] >> Now acknowledgement is something you do be before you make that learning part of yourself like before you start that learning processing part where you process the learning inside your brain without knowing like unconscious process happens in the brain which is the biggest or the biggest part of learning that you don't see don't understand and

that's why we always uh have misconception about this processing part and we don't care about it and that's the reason we mess up our learning ability. So acknowledgement is the part when when you feel think that this is um good enough for me. This is enough. This is good and you accept it to be part of your own story. Acknowledge this is a profound thing. Significance is great. And after you acknowledge you become that thing. Now, now sacredness means you acknowledge it but also you keep it as a weird feeling.

You know it and you don't know it. So that weirdness what's the what's the what's the logic behind weirdness? behind the weird feeling is that it stays as a question mark and the question mark keeps going means you always think of the whole world to solve that question mark just your that becomes your main basic intention that's what witness is a mechanism to learn and goodness is you accept It instantly becomes your part of you as uh after the process but you instantly acknowledge it

like hormonal discharge happens instantly and badness bad means you can't accept it you can't uh deny it because it's already in you it came in you and it stays as a thread like weirdness is a thread bad also a thread it stays in uh as a as a learning thread to be processed to be to be acknowledged to be uh evolved as a in the learning technique phase. So you keep going. So you have to understand the learning cycle phase before you understand this. So learning cycle keeps going and in the

learning cycle the the the the technique phase is where uh you you you actually process every piece of information you're taking every thread as a thread and those thread stays as a uh like weirdness badness all those things and the bad feelings stays as it you don't acknowledge it you don't process it until you gather all the knowledge and courage to face that badness and make it part of you that now that bad can be part of you but it will not hurt you because you know how to handle it.

So that's uh bad feelings, good feelings, weird feelings and sacredness is all three together. So if you're really smart, you will create something that is really really secret. And I said all those things we do are just recommended flows in a control structure. Our main way to move, act, analyze is to deceive other people. If we don't deceive, they are recommending flow will be my uh I will submit to that flow. If I don't receive enough or if I'm if I don't become powerful enough, so it's about

always the collision, interaction, trading, control and dissolving into each other and dejecting each other. To fight that we create this deception rules and deception is done by recommending flows in other people. Some of those really weird way is that let's say if I say I'm good I'm nice so I I make you believe in me just recommend flow I can use that I can stand on on it and just becomes a basis of our relationships and the relationships stays as long as the cohesion and the submission

uh balance out like it's all a balancing act act and if it you don't balance out this cohesion and submission and uh control it breaks the relationships. So we have a we have a we have a uh our our consciousness which job like which is a broad thing we can access each other consciousness many way the information. So if I don't say things in word, you will always know it. You may not you're trained to see those things that I'm trying to share that's in my mind. But usually you if you just

be careful, you will see and you will look at those things and you will find that if I am deceiving with you, you will know that I'm deceiving with you. So deception doesn't work. But we are forced to believe the deception works. That's the work of intentionalism because our intention is so much uh so real right now about this capitalistic society and the money making uh and the survival of with the with the medicine and and and the status all those things is coming together and it's too much

because it is too much. We have to give our best of best to understand to survive and that's why it's too real to us. And because it's too real, this intentionalism is actually creating uh our uh like uh like uh this intentionalism is creating like u a type of a realism in this world that we are like not Seeing how we know each other, how we can understand each other beyond word. Words that are not said but understood. All those things we could just look at each other and see those things.

But we are too um trained. I mean it's is it's like forced train to not see them to be in hormonal flow hormonal dur hormonal addiction to be in the flow of uh modernism to be in the flow of uh work to be in the flow of making money to be in the flow of helping other people or many things we do just we are in the flow too much that it's always intentionalism. What intentionalism do is makes us away from our original indiv individuality, original desire. The OG, the basic, the ego, the status we have inside that has

a way of uh processing things has a way of connecting the whole consciousness, each other and the sacred divine. But we don't do them because of these things because intentionalism actually is taking over to cover the things and this this is why. So that's why deception doesn't work in the long run but the whole structure is created by deception. That's why we always create problem and the problem is recommended flows. We thought that our ego thinks our status thinks that I am much more better

much I have much better status if I can put flowth in you. Let's look at the greatest actor and the greatest actors and the greatest politicians. Although many many uh this is the best per best uh active socali uh person in your community you'll see they are they're the master of this they you can't create flaws in them and they can create flows in you because what you'll understand this this is we call this intelligence But actually intelligence is about controlling flows in us in you, in me and and the

many way the when and how you can instantly start on off flows, control flows and how big flows you can create, how grand flows you can create, how less can you handle them, How less you can overwhelmed by all those things. How you process things, how you already experience those things. So you know better all those kind of flows controlling keeps you up keeps you uh better in the society keeps you every every uh situations. Now let's say we if uh deception is a game and flow or habits are recommended

then what's the result of these two that closure and habits are recommended and deception is the game and uh we always try to like uh like like fight back, right? And uh if we fight back with a with a with let's say let's say more and better energy that creates more and more intentionalism and you cannot really fight it. This creates a loop of intentionalism always all everywhere. Let's say let's say let's say people are trying to be uh bigger and bigger uh bigger control structure and bigger and

bigger flows in people and you have we have called this hormonal trap. formal trap is that if I can make you like something in me and that thing is going to really create a very uh big impact in in in other people like let's say let's say let me explain this better way we are a uh we are sharing our information with each other in an interaction And my perception is about delivering the information but I try to be disassociative and I try to be share information in so many way so many perspective so many way that you don't

actually see them you don't actually understand them but you just have a perception of idea and if my dominant perception that you get is liking me and many other perception are hidden You don't see them like hidden flow uh in this perception. You learn the perspective. Why you learn the perspective? There's a reason to that that we are we we are we just uh learn to talk but in initially we did not talk with words. We talk using our uh uh like like uh like impath usually using ourself using our brain using our brain

we would talk with each other and we could access each other's understanding and now we learn to talk. So wording still now doesn't matter a lot if uh our whole perspective is not having the good delivery about those concept you're trying to share with other people. So we actually learn the perspective instead of the word. This is a crazy thing to say but this is true. So we understand the perspectives and we mess up to get other people because other people can be really uh manipulative, really

strong, really smart. So those great actors can put something in you. You create that you are instantly acknowledging. When you instantly acknowledging that part goes in your brain, you start processing and you have a flow in yourself that you don't don't see. One of the biggest characteristic of a recommended flow of a flow is that flow is hidden in plain sight. You're doing it, you're knowing it. I'm sorry. You're doing it, but you don't know it. So here intelligence

also means seeing many and many flows more and more flows. The bigger the higher flows you know the broader flows you know you see the game the better you know the game better the many people the whole thing the individual people and the whole thing are have flows. How many flows can you look at? Can you see? Can you feel? Uh so that you know better. If you know better like God can see how many flows and we can see how many flows and probably they know more probably they know less. But if you know more

about more and more flows you know how we move how we interact more than us. So you can control us better. You can understand us better. So intelligence is that seeing more and more flow in broader scales and in a micro scale. So flows are hidden hidden in plain side unless you look at them carefully you can't really see them and there are a lot of flows we really don't know still there we are moving in on in those flows we still going in those flows and we don't see them we will probably never

know them this how scary how broad how significance is it it is so hormonal trap is something um like used to create those flows Because if you like something hormonal discharge happens if logic is mass pattern is mass logic happens and logic means if hormonal charge also so you hormonal discharge means you instantly like it a good feelings happens I call this feel good theory uh feel good means good if you feel good it becomes in you it so Now it becomes part of you. It becomes your flow. It becomes your character.

If you care enough, I say there's a care scale in the learning cycle. If you care enough, those flows are active. And if you don't see those hidden flows, you still act on those flows. The crazy thing about recommended flows is that if I recommend some flows in you, you know that uh like I know that how you will act, how you will evolve these all those things. I know your evolvement, learning evolvement and your actions. I will know all how many phases, how many cycles you're going to go through.

I can I can predict that and based on those prediction I can like set up my game and use on my benefit. I can use you for my benefit and that's why we are always creating recommended flows like all the bigger control structures on the on the smaller control structures all the providers everyone is trying to create those uh control structure try to create those uh uh flaws in each other. This is the fight in this situation and hormonal trap is such a big thing. If anyone uh let's say nowhere

to go but to fight then um we create all kind of mechanism to all kind of technique to fight each other and those techniques are hardly shared. Those techniques are just keep uh kept to us and not said and we all do the same thing. We do we do all have the same understanding same thing and we don't share them with each other. Now those becomes like like un like u unsaid probably what's the word pro I forgot the word rules like like they like like rules so rules are created from everywhere and

we don't talk about them because I said is Our it's our brainchild. Every idea we have, every rules we have, we it's our brainchild. We have a pride on them. We share with each other. But yet we don't share it with each other in a way so that other people can understand it fully. We remove perspective from it. So people just know that you know a lot but you don't they don't say it in a way that you will understand it. If you can connect with if you connect with connect these learnings with with with their

life they will learn better. So we remove perspectives perspective so that they can they those things lose connectivity with with the whole human context. So that be uh that that like um uh that what we do and that's why rules and many rules are not fade are not understood and because of those like not saying all those uh all those things and we are also running in our own flows and we try to see the whole world in that way. When you don't talk about them but everybody doing the same thing,

it creates a huge problem that we are actually hating each other but we are not saying it. We are not we are just acting like we love each other. We're not solving the problem and that becomes a really uh troublesome problem to break the whole social structure at some point if I say that a recommended flow in a person like let's say I want you to come back in a society where there is no recommended flows. How would you act in there? You would be really um really um what do you call this? You'll be really uh

like like like uh what is the word for it? like self involved like you would be like your consciousness your your your your power your energy are using are used to uh see the uh flows of other people control of flows other other people but now you come into a place where there is you don't have to control each other what do you do Now you become really relaxed. Now you become really someone who is more confident in themsel more relaxed and can use the whole thing for uh being much more like mindful much more

themsel. It's like it becomes happiness. It become peace. That's why controlling uh uh with with those recommended flows is devil is it's act of devil and devil wants us to be uh manipulated like this to be in in in the intentionalism that our we don't see how many flows we are running in and we're acting on benefit of the evil and the evil is uh using those actions those movements those uh those things we are doing for his benefit and he knows how to direct it. He knows how

to make you go forward. He knows because experience it he knows how how to uh recommend you the next thing so you keep going. It's necessary to understand that all those things are just uh manipulation mechanism that everyone in everywhere all the time using in every action. There's no difference between family, there's no difference between friends. This is this is same everywhere. Unless you really look at it and see it, you don't see this. There's this kind of flow going on in oursel to control each

other. We don't acknowledge them. We don't say them. If we say it loud, it becomes uh weird and people don't acknowledge it. And uh there's there's a there's a civilizational rule. the civilizational u consciousness probably I don't know which is also evolving which is also has a lot of vast knowledge and the the devil is also controlling that civilizational movement civilizational learning that we all have our consciousness probably connected in same place and the knowledge is there but

we can't even say that those controlling Even in from accessing uh those informations we don't actually um try to say those um controlling nature of us. We don't to say it loud. Nobody says it loud. Even spiritual people don't say it. The problem with all those things are the same. Religion came and spiritually came and we saw that uh we could just not let dissolve us into the whole world but to be with the divine or to be peaceful to be um uh like be ourself. But then they they come with those sacredness.

The sacredness means which is full of anxiety, good, bad, weirdness all together and keeps us running. This they come up with all those things. If you look at like Quranic suras like surah ban Israel, you'll see that it's always coming threats from God to the people that don't do this and I will destroy you. It's full of anxiety, full of thread. How would you act if somebody is saying like this? There's a logic to this. The logic is I can give you an example by a flood like in a flood people are uh people

house get destroyed people's uh corpse pulled food land and their uh even they they can't really leave or spend a night peacefully because the their houses flushed and washed away. So in those situations still people feel happy inside them because there is some some flows in them which really really deep and powerful that even things are getting destroyed. Your life is ruined. You are still feeling happy because there is water in your house. The flood is there. You are happy. This is a really great great phenomena.

Uh if you look at it so people becomes happy even they are burn if they are burning. So happiness is like a disease. It's like a parasite that lives in you makes you dumb. Happiness can do this. That's what I feel like the job of religion the is to make people feel the threat feel the anxiety and because of anxiety people launch without anxiety their flow becomes just moving in a uh in happiness. So if your flow is just moving in happiness that means there no anxiety your autonomous actions are always about

being happy. So there is no things in between. You are you you become dumber every day. If you're anxious, you learn, you use your brain, you become smart every day. And if you're happy, you become dumb every day. So this is why they say if I am making you happy with hormonal traps, with hormonal teachers, if I make you like things, you are in a flow of liking those things. You are getting dumb every day. So anxiousness is not a disease which is uh psychology says anxiety disorder is really a great tool to be alive to

survive and that's why that's why I praise religions religions let's say if Islam created the first revolution intellectual re revolution I think I don't No, but I think there's a reason to this.

