You see the science is it has a thing. So let's say science has a perspective. A mathematics has a perspectives. Mathematic has a perspectives of [gasps] um like inter uh what do you call operation uh elements have do operations with each other and because of those operation it changes. So mathematics have operations that makes a change. So operations changes and physics have similar thing interaction and changes and you can look at many other sciences you probably you'll probably find the

same thing that they all take about elements and interaction. and changes like similar kind of thing. Now if you look at psychology you would not see it. You we would not see that it's about elements uh groups are a set and uh and interactions and changes. Those are the things we don't see in these are the things we don't we don't actually see in psychology. The biggest misconception about psychology that human context is randomness because because of what there are too many things interaction happening and we

don't really know what's what are the fundamental of it. That's what we feel like. If you look at physics, we know a lot of fundamental things of physics that we can predict the interaction and the changes. And if I look at uh like mathematically you can we can predict things but if you look at human context and we feel like this is no fundamental and it's a dead end. We feel like it's dead end. We don't can find them. And how so? And why is that? What if there is fundamentals to look at?

And that's the case of uh talking about uh psychology that psychology is basically right now is generalization full of generalization and uh it doesn't have a perspective like other science has. This is a big issue because psychology gives us all kind of things like the learning science education system uh the bureaucracy of uh therapist and the doctors of psychologist uh in in those in in the department of psychology all those doctors and all kind of things and which is a huge bureaucracy and um most

really powerful and it's all about general ization. It doesn't have a perspective and doesn't solve a real problem like this because it psychology has no hope. Basically, if you look at from their perspectives and if you look at um like let me show you my some of my writing here. Um generalization of information I will be reading to you the scattered among behaviorism and only action phase as it is above care phase. Let me explain this like that doesn't resolve any real issues. So what this line means sir

most of psychology is about behaviorism and which is actually interaction. Behaviorism is actual interaction not about the fundamentals that the elements of human context that connect with each other and those behavior results something predictable. We don't think like that yet we is like scattered among babborism in a way that doesn't build a framework. It doesn't it is not a framework that's what I mean and only action phase what is action phase so if you have seen through the uh previous lecture of learning

cycle uh you will see that there is a phase or action phase we don't act unless we care about something let me explain you this a little bit more. Let's say you care about something then you want to do it. You act on it. If you don't care, you don't act. That's why because we care and we act. That's why because it's economy. Economy means it's only the perfectly needed things we need we do necessary things to do. That's why it's economical. Economy has a its literal meaning

and care is something that really above like is totally about our action which is our behaviors. But below careface we know in the learning cycle there are lot of things there's a lot of things that we do we think and humanly our brain process all those techniques that they have in the learning cycle I can just write a few like uh uh like uh po force learning I'm sorry uh learning anxiety And that gives us like u uh commitment and this all part of learning like and that gives us like learning thread and

those thread goes through a phase of learning technique and those techniques evolves and then we go acknowledgement phase. Then after the acknowledgement phase we go through the processing phase of unconscious processing of our information and those after processing we get an idea which I call philosophy uh which is p uh primary philosophy I call the idea is the philosophy that's what I call so uh that that philosophy we say that that's our learning we learn that thing after we gain some philosophy and it

goes through the same thing. So in this process in this cycle or process a philosophy at some point becomes your intention and you use your intention to reshape your life, reform your life and you that intention becomes your character flow uh flow into character. Flow means autonomous action and it become a lot of flows makes your character your character actually gives your uh purpose in the moment. And if you only care about that purpose then you decide and speculate to act on it. So only after caring. So care phase is

telling you that caring telling you that before caring a lot of things happens and those are not actually a uh thing we care we think in psychology really broadly or really importantly. We don't we just don't care about those parts. which only care about this action speculation and sometimes decision also. So that's what the problem that if you ignoring the fundamentals you would not be able to uh see how these things are made and it it would not really solve a problem because we are just general

analyzing things here. So careface means because you act on it economics lives on this face in the in the in the in the care phase and uh basically it's where you spend spend time, money, energy in this care phase because you after you care you spend you spend those uh resources uh in those Otherwise you would not uh uh uh uh what is the other word? You spend your resources upon that. You would not do that. And all we try to do is control the care face and talk about the careface like above care phase like

caring, speculation, decision making and controlling uh or say how to say the the the the word for action. So all those things we do here in the care phase and above care phase we we try to control people here and it's a very uh visible control because it's a very visible control you are easily and very fast uh veni varized if you are controlling the care face above care face because it's a you can see And below careface is taboo. Even in psychology, it's a society. In society, it's a

taboo. It's a taboo. It's a society also. So in society, uh you can just think below careface. will be weird, dumb or any kind of labeling you will you will get and that problem would give you some um uh like like the issues of like um um like people would be controlling you the the people who are in uh control or who are smarter actually let's not say who are in control let's say who are smart uh they would control you using the things below careface not above like like below careface all those things I said a lot

of things has in the learning cycle all those things will be used against you by smart person but you are not uh uh allowed mentally allowed sometimes you feel like to think in the below care phase we only think about above care phase and that's Why uh we can be manipulated but we cannot manipulate. So this is where the control game control game gets real because you are also discriminized. So discriminated this the easiest word discriminated. So discriminated you are easily discriminated even in control. So just the fun this

this something sounds funny scary things actually this how our mind works and many many flows are out there we don't see them how we are being controlled by some smart person like like like you are if you're smart I am controlled by you it's not about them it's about we everyone so this is where the control game gets real and discriminated even in control and uh we don't actually see we don't actually see that how uh the taboo of thinking below careface is making us uh submissive or making us

decide wrong uh have wrong logic. So our pattern match ma matching is flawed and wrong and our belief our learning pride that we have for every belief every learning we have are not uh really really that best. So it's a really problematic way to way to think that how we are here and if I if we talk about the next next line that don't let it connect and don't build frameworks like mathematics now if you don't think below carefase then you don't know the fundamentals and you don't know how to build a

frameworks like mathematics for learning. Now this is not just about just learning. I said we have many many things. Is it like control status or you go uh learning recommended flows I don't remember all those things and um but there's a few fundamentals of human context and I'm talking about learning here but of course control status all those things are there and many more things are there those fundamentals are building blocks of our human context and we don't care about them and that's why because they

the they they are below careface and we don't see we don't acknowledge them and that's why you can build a framework like mathematics to understand and explain explain those things and also these fundamental feelings that I have not talked about fundamental feelings are some of those feelings uh like I have talked about two type of fundamental feelings but they're actually a fundamental feelings that our uh our consciousness are built up. I our that we communicate with each other not

with word but with those fundamental feelings. Uh and those things really uh even we can explain our perception using those feelings. Even this that's also can be used to build the framework and uh social context of human context how you say that uh so human context as a social context which I'm talking about the that learning and these four things those are the these are the social context I'm thinking so the these are in social context from intentionalism if you have come through the intentionalism

lecture you should know that these are the things that comes in the social context after intentionalism. So in intentionalism gives us these things in the society and after we g get them we can build use frameworks using them. We can and uh like makes us never connect them all together and outer perspectives. So let me explain generalization to you first. Generalization means removing information from a story. Fundamentally every thought, everything we do, we have our story and those stories have a uh a perspective or many

perspective because of the single state of action theory. What do you call I call this theory. So because of that like single state of action of this universe or everything in this universe probably I can't be sure of everything of course but for us for human context for a person it's only a single action a story also have a main perspectives a single perspectives that decide everything but that doesn't mean there are that there are there are not many uh perspective there are actually many perspectives in

a story and you can remove one by one and if you remove them what is a perspective first let me explain this perspective is a magical thing in human context so let me tell you this I have talked about them but I have not talked about perspectives and many other things they'll be they will be coming in next in next lectures that how they are more in part of our human context and they are the building blocks box. So let us talk about perspective. Perspectives are built of fundamental feelings

but also can act as fundamental feelings. And we can basically co copy each other copy each other's perspectives. and learn each other's perspectives without going through the process of learning. We can just copy the perspectives which is the concept you can also call. So perspective is uh something that works only if it is connectable to another perspective. A perspective comes from a perspective. If a perspective is a term is a topic that term coming from another topic another definition another story

and it's like a network of perspectives. If you think about the whole whole human context of everybody, we are everybody creating a network of perspectives. Even we have individual network of perspectives and we everybody is creating a network of perspectives. It's magical. It's it's miraculous. Perspectives is such a fundamental things. It's a magical thing. and perspectives finding perspectives or building pers perspectives or describing a perspect perspectives using the learning cycle is

actually a story that's the that's the definition of a story that's the fundamental of a story. So if you don't really have a perspective in a story or a perspective is removed. Many perspectives are removed from a story. That story cannot be connected with the human context of civilizational context or even our personal context because it it does it it it doesn't connect with anything. So it's just a standalone thing. It is not useful for for example your textbook. It doesn't have a perspective. So you can't

really connect with it anything. And uh if if it does has have a perspective that's you know are uh not going to be useful or wrong. So uh let's say what happens if you remove perspectives. If you remove perspectives, you actually um make people uh fro freeze, frozen. The people can stop and ponder and keep thinking for 20 years, 30 years, still they would not be able to connect that piece of information with anything. So that's what I call generalization. Realization is about removing

perspectives and making it in like make you may feel like it's universal way of thinking something but always if you simplify things for universal use you're always removing perspectives you're removing the connectivity with anything and uh you are just giving people a opportunity to to connect with anything in any way like it's like giving giving people a chance of being creative on that perspective because it doesn't connect with anything but it doesn't help that much. That's why it's kept I mean it is

kept for uh like like to make people dump in the education system in the in the movies in many other like art. If you think about the list of uh uh perspectives uh I will say let's say like like if you think about the uh rule list of things that uh do generalization you'll be surprised that science is a generalization uh art is a generalization yeah they are generalization They remove perspective and they become creative on the pers perspective that is kept and which which creates unreal things

imagination uh which doesn't fit uh the human perspectives and make us live in uh a mental state that doesn't belong. So there's a scale like K scale like K scale there is a perspective uh removal scale or generalization scale and because of norization scale things get like at some point it's really useless and that I call devil. So generalization is actually devil. It's a devil. It's it's the work of debil would want you to be not learn anything for 20 years but thinking about something

keeping you busy of something useless that's what devil would want us to do so is the devil and like like we think about infinite amount of psychological uh behaviorism And we always think that those things are uh randomness and we can't really build anything out of it. Now this randomness assumption uh like okay so random assumption gives us more problem more problem is that uh it's it's a dead end and we are hopeless there's no commitment there and uh people would feel it really bor boring to work on it

to research on And that's what psychology is. It's really truly on the boring subject that people could go for. Uh because too much limitation there like other science is we feel like it's limitless thing and when you are going to study psychology you will not feel like that though those are things if you understand. Now what I said number three is that don't design from the perspective of a control structure and learning and makes it hard to put in work. See I said we are all building control structure.

We are all building a story. We're all building uh like like based on our learning and changes. So we are have we are uh we are built of perspectives. We are uh we we we always want to have a status control or status. There are many more fundamental things that should be the perspective of psychology which I say that learning should be the main perspective of psychology because humans are learning machine. So I call human learning it's not a word but should be a word human learning human

human is a human is a learning machine that's one which we think about you can say that organic organic uh but whatever this we we learning learning learning uh being okay so that's our whole thing and we should think of us like the same way then we would know that we change and we would be allowing us to change. Now generalization of experiences which which makes people believe true because of this sacredness of science. You see the sacredness of science is that science is purely that people right now is that it

uh you have to believe science when science is not a actual dictation. Science is a analysis. Science is a analysis not a dictation. And um today all those analysis are generalized to think of a single matter, single theory, single thing and you have to believe this theory is right. Theory is right and to think like a theory is right on single theory. It's like generalization. Generalizing all the analysis, all the experiences and making it own thing. So it is also generalization and that doesn't help us

that actually bounds us inside bound binds us inside a former don't let get up get out of this uh box of uh chain and not not let us see the freedom actually. So even though they could be discarded easily [clears throat] unnecessary acknowledgement makes us drown in them. So there are many things in psychology that conceptually in society you see those are wrong those are not actually the right thing like anxiety which is the one of the most useful thing yet uh it is showed like it is the biggest one

of the biggest disease most like 40% of disease in psychology are anxiety based if you look at are anxiety based How is psychology good? It cannot be good if you have villainize anxiety. The only mechanism that people uh use to learn something. So you cannot just venize anxiety and that's what we do and unnecessary acknowledgement makes us drown in them. Unnecessary acknowledgement means like the sacredness. Sac sacredness tells us that to acknowledge something without uh having a proof, understanding the

proof, understand the theory, understand the worth behind them. It's science. You have to believe it. And that's how uh we are unnecessarily acknowledging things and and getting accepting the flows the recommended flows by science. The science is giving us a lot of recommended flows that are making us drown in them and not seeing not let us u act for ourself. So that unnecessary submission is going to cause a lot of trouble later because those we don't want to be um submitted controlled

our individuality of our ego or status should always come up and always rebel against it. Now a system can't be proven if it's if it keep building. So that's the thing there is no proof in psychology. You don't let me explain is what is a logic. A logic is something a pattern mast and hormone discharge. These two thing is logic and like. So hormone discharge is like and pattern match is logic. Because we think pattern matching is logic. We like it. termal discharge happens and for this thing

we just they think the pattern is matched is a logic is right only inside that perspective because there is on single state of action the single state of perspective is there only one perspective is dictating the solution here maybe there are multiple perspectives but we don't usually think multiple perspectives so usually I'm saying normally so uh for that reason in the own perspective it is always the right the logic is right but out of the perspectives the logic is wrong flawed different weird so that's why

there's no proof in psychology because 99% people would say something and on pe on person would say the different thing yet that one person is also right and 99% people are also right and for a intentional being it's always building so we always improving we always building we always evolving so I can't just say you you are right or I am right because the thing I'm saying right now right it's going to be different is going to be evolved to a different thing in the next moment [clears throat] or

next year or next month. That's how we evolve from individuals to civilizational. So this is not just for a person or civilizational context, our social context or the whole community context always going to be improved and synchronized with each other. Synchronization is really true thing and it's a it's a learning experience and no story needs to be proved. Huh? Yeah. So, let's um let's let's everyone let everyone build their own personal framework like what I'm talking here. Let's say

it's my own personal understanding. It may not be right or correct or and uh not good enough to be correct to be considered as a correction. It can be but that doesn't mean I should stop building my f personal framework. This is my personal framework of the the world and you can build your own personal framework. That's what we should allow people to do so that everybody is a science itself. Like you said the our personal story that we build inside is much more complex than the science.

It's really that complex for even the dumbest person on earth. It is it is really that complex. Okay. So the problem with science is that they wanted to do innovations with math cuz they don't want don't believe in intuition and ideas coming in because you really have to be uh believe in God believe in spirituality to believe that the idea would come. Instead we want to be sure that idea should always come. To be sure we do mathematical calculations to find ideas to get an idea to and we really wanted

to prove them with mathematically and maybe sometimes we we'll find some random ideas like it's a brute forcing like idea would have to come back come. So this is like a non-believer's approach to science. So without waiting for idea to come they choose brute forcing and they can't do math in psychology. So now they can't do math in psychology. So what to do? They feel it's a boring boring subject and uh yeah what it could be only subject that's like existence the most

uh in interesting subject psychologally could be become of the on the greatest subject. uh not so psychology. I could talk about a lot of things like the bureaucracy and psychology the psych the the the the most more personal and more uh direct and explicit thing I don't want to talk about the conceptually what I see that if you don't look at psychology uh from the perspective of story learning perspectives control status or ego and uh there are few more things recommended flows and also like like the physics physics

content the our our brain also follows the physics law right so you can just uh there are many fundamental properties of the physics also in our in our actions in our interaction in our in our expression we use we we must have to follow the rules. So we have to see look at psychology from those things and how they build up the human context together. This how we should look at it. That's a perspective it deserve. It needs a perspective. It can be a generalized devil's uh what is devil's word.

Yeah. Like you you learn psychology for 30 years and it doesn't help you.

