So education system are supporting these ideas and they may not be necessarily creating these rules. Rules can be already coming from society and they're creating the values in society. So you understand that this this this two three lines tells that that in a contour structure there's always recommended flows and recommended flows are uh their job is to recommend people some habit some way of thinking some way of action that do you don't need to explicitly tell them to do it they'll automatically

feel and follow the rule So if let's assume that education system is like that. I'm not going to say how it is a uh a a work of patriotism to create patriot patriot patriot the word patriotism in people from the early age to create people who can follow uh rules of uh working culture and uh many political propaganda and many things we can teach in I could I I would not talk about them. I would talk about them real really conceptual values. How it uh is called knowingly or unknowingly having

creating the problems. So number one is that create work that has no value. By promising value without work later and creates Laurent seeking behaviors bureaucracy and management has served resulting in authoritarian behaviors. So this big line has a lot of bad work. So let me explain this that it creates work that has no value. School give you work to do that doesn't have a value. You are not uh paid but you are promised to be get paid in with with in in later section of your life where you would get paid without much work.

It's like it's a concept that you you probably would not need to work that much to get get something. You you know that you have to work to get paid but you would like to feel and you would like to dream about that you will be lucky enough to do those things without work and this creates a rainseeking behavior. If you understand the rent seeking behavior means people [clears throat and cough] in a bureaucracy sorry people would want to get paid without work. So that's what rent seeeking behavior is

and this creates a bureaucracy because bureaucracy means you do just uh management and paperwork and you want to get paid without any real work real contribution to the to the society to the economics and that creates the management like management hazard I call manage management hazard is that because it just We we just manage things unnecessarily and resulting in authoritarian behaviors which uh because we may not need to that much management but we implement that much management and we enforce them and

that's what actually uh you because you have to enforce them because there's no work it creates author authoritarian barriers and deep down students wants to be managed like teachers. It result in the collapse of social structure. Uh social structure is the reason behind civilizational reset. This is like a domino effect. All those things is like a domino effect. one after one after one creating on after one and at some point it's uh the only it's the main reason actually the main

reason behind civilizational collapse or civilizational reset if you uh understand it so far so let's look at this more there's one more paragraph here the managers who wanted to be bureaucrats now in the place filled the slots Now so now new honor people. So this is more explanation about this civilizational collapse of second behavior and this is actually uh official the managers who wanted to work to be bureaucrats who who wanted to be bureaucrats now in the place and filled the slot. All the needed slot in

the bureaucracy are filled. So no new wannabe people who wants to be new managers would not be able to get the place and to seek rent. So they rebel the rebelling means they like like the students right now are going to be rebelling against the established uh government um bureaucracy the the job government job. So uh you may feel like that it's like why and how this this is so unnecessary but you'll see repetitively that uh people rebelling against the management society management part of

the society uh to eliminate them and replace them by themsel like the the rebellions would take But the place and they will become new managers. They would create new uh new new bureaucracy and that's why is the people in the in in the place of a bureaucracy and the people who is rebelling against those bureaucrac bureaucracy are the same kind of culprit. It's not because they are rebelling the culprit. It's because they will become the bureaucrat in the next time. So let's go back to the number two

is that okay do you understand number one you know there's a there's a big uh the the rat utopia experiment by James Cahoun and uh you can look at it you can see that how that explains that how society collapses because of break the the status control the reason of it is controlling Jerus uh that would lead to uh social structure breakdown and that would lead to relationship breakdown and people would uh kill each other and the coll of society would happen. So this is that experiment you can look at look at it

for for for a knowledge. So systems are channel to regulators are channel to regulate us a tool to regulate growth. Regulation is power because regulation is uh because some of the social structure or position you are legally allowed to regulate people. Yeah. You by by law you you are not um uh prohibited to regulate people but yet regulation is the power because it allows you to command people and dictate people's flow like I can create recommended flow in you but also if I am allowed to regulate

you then it's like more easy It's like it's like I can uh I don't need to manipulate you to be uh in my flow to be in my recommend flow. I can just tell you to do it and you would be following the rules. That's why regulation is also on the biggest power in society. This means a submissive acknowledgment. One of the them is sign simplification or simplified content making people depend on my explanation. Yeah, that's the case of school. That's the case of uh educational system.

That's the case of many content creation. Um there the case of any course we have. So is that we try to simplify or simpl generalize or do those uh kind of simplification uh and easier explanation to people and sometimes we go personal and explain the student how personally they can connect with this idea. But that makes people like paralyzed mentally. mental paral paral paralization is that they would not be able to think like that figure out things like that without your explanation anymore. They wouldn't

understand anything without explanation. This paralyzing is actually a addiction level paralyzation like a like addiction that hurts you that makes you thrive for others people's explanation other people explain to you and give you knowledge. So that's what it is and giving us the opportunity to put out our recommendation in people. Okay. Yeah. And halting their possibility of approach complexity. They would not be able to approach complexity without uh external help. Then teaches us how to approach

complexity. Like it also teaches us how to think, how to approach which is teaches us the our learning techniques. If I'm teaching you your learning techniques, you are doomed because your narrative of building or evolving learning technique is now depending on me which is crazy because I may not care about all your narrative and some of your brain would go away or or or would uh would not be able to find anything to connect so they would not be continued. So now your many of your understanding and knowledge and

brain power brain connectivity lost because of that. So you can see that you can see you can find there's a lot of research to explain this. I have not read any research on this but I know there is some research like uh the charg research there is something uh that tells that how brain power uh connectivity we we lose connectivity of brain uh because we use judgivity. So you can see a lot of this to not work and hope other people to do it for you. Yeah, this also results to not work and hope other people to do the work for you

which gives the same kind of rent thinking behavior. And with PTSD to learning, this makes us mentally paralyzed. Yeah. Also, if there is PTSD to learning, if it is attached to to abuse and anxiety, it gets even crazier. So this is how this is self-explanatory and this is how we think. Now number three that creates PTSD to learn by force learning. So when personal narratives not fitting flow with meaning is a narrative continuity. This is explanation. So let me tell you this creates PTSD to learn

by force learning when personal narrative not fitting. Let me explain this how personal native is. Personal narrative is uh if a flow that has a meaning is a narrative. A story a story has a narrative like a flow. A narrative has a continuity. Now let's say you are fishing on a boat. Uh the next moment you are of course uh maybe picking up a fish or picking up or throwing the uh uh net to the to the water, but in the next moment you're not going to be on the moon. You're not going to be on a

rocket. You're not going to be in the science lab. Uh you're not going to be in the police station. And that's because that's a continuity of your life of a of a of of this of your of you. Now let's say a person is learning something uh in his house with his parents a little let's say a kid and he learns to garden naturally how to learn how to grow uh plants uh foods how to uh take care of them and collect the food uh from the from the from the trees from the plants And now when he goes to

his school, he really can't find anything to connect from his early life. That five years of his life is gone because the next phase of his life doesn't have anything to connect. So this five years is useless. In most case in many many many way are useless uh because it the narrative doesn't connect to this there is no continuity and because there's no continuity you got to do is you got to you got to you got to like tell yourself why you cannot you got to do it and there's force

everywhere now you can see this is extreme case of force learning when you go a person goes to school there's Also normally force learning is like if you tell your brain to do something that's force learning your brain that's intentionalism. If you tell your brain to learn something that's intentionalism that's not coming from your purpose. Your purpose is instantly building in every moment because of your character flow, your your your in um uh uh your story, your decision making,

your purpose, but not your intentionalism. Your intentionalism is manipulating your decision. So your decision is not coming from your narrative, not coming from your the continuity. It coming from the intention that intention is telling you to do more, do different, do this thing and that creates the force learning. Uh this kind of learning creates force learning. Post learning means you are forcing your brain to learn when your learn is brain is already a learning machine and it knows how to learn following the learning cycle but

you are discouraging or discarding the learning cycle and trying to move ahead and that would break the rhythm of yourself and you would not be able to learn because the learning cycle is not finished is not connected would not help you that much also. So if you forcefully do like do it at some point you would not be able to continue anymore because uh that the things are not connecting your brain is not really braining that much in the situations. So that's what I was talking about here. Now

yeah I already said that. Okay let's remove this part. So how we alienate our working or or our learning hide from others? Yeah. How we alienate our working or learning from others? So we uh what we learn and what we work on. Yeah. So we let me read this. So we can keep think on our own by keeping up our pride and story. We have a pride and we have a story and we can think on our own by keeping up our pride and story by maintaining our learning pride and learning story. But the mentality of

people are to think of absolute truth is their their pride is the best but also overshadows others people's pride and we isolate each other. Yeah. Just how we isolate each other, alienate each other. Because we overshadow other people by our own pride like feel like my pride is better than you but what I have learned is better than you and you you're not worth your thinking are not worth. So that's what competition is and uh that's what in most cases in his course happens and uh this competition makes us defy

like go away from each other, hate each other, alienate each other and we actually in this competition situation we we try to uh hide our learning from each other so that other people would not know more than you to hurt you or enslave you. Basically everyone with knowledge with this scattered information in school that no one resonates with each other and synchronization is terrible hurtful so no one wants to connect. Yeah. For that reason, society really develops on keeping up a narrative that sustains

and keeps moving ahead with connecting perspectives and it's a steady growth. But educated people think society is dumb and slow and the truth is society learns and evolves and education uh education that doesn't resonate with with it fade away because of synchronization. That's why to keep up this uh intentionalism or intentional learning educated person would force it. That's how uh you can see that force their brain they are too stressed too much using their brain to keep up with the

new things uh with the with the things that that they use their intentions on. The slow growth actually saved the civilization. The slow growth of society that we think are slow is actually save the situation from in intentionalism. Intentionalism would would break the structure, break everything otherwise we would not be able to synchronize like students do. What is that students do not synchronize with each other because of their hat uh competition and hatred hatred with each other. They don't share knowledge even

their consciousness and their concept like everybody has a consciousness that can get information using our fundamental feelings from each other without words and that happens because of uh cohesion. But we don't actually the students don't want to do this cohesion each each other too competitive and want wants to be better than each other. They don't want to share and absolute social chaos would come when this doesn't happen like when question doesn't happen. Uh it's absolute chaos

and that's why people hat because it doesn't resonate with their uh in inner peace at all. It creates chaos and for example cities and self-preser society of developed countries. Yeah. The same things now because those educated people goes into the cities and creates a self-preserved society in the developed countries they got this same problem and cities get destroyed and village persist. Yeah. This this why this is the reason uh yeah that's why bar barbar barbar barbarism uh is something uh that that does better

that we think bar barbarism are bad actually there's nothing in barbarism actually cities are the actual barbarism and cities should not be called civilization so by destroying learning pride So they don't become the base of their learning by shaming our intuition. So what the school do is like uh let's say if you say something and you are wrong because every perspective every learning is something right from your perspective from your situation but to wrong to me because it is wrong to me I can literally tell you

to shut up did I tell you you're wrong and that's how we make people shamed ashamed them because like They are they feel like they are the enemy of themsel because their own ideas are not helping them. They're hurting them which u which because people thinks their ideas are not good enough. Their learning pride breaks down. Now learning pride is the main reason of people's learning continuity or the story continuity happens. A person is a story and the story continuity happens because of the

learning pride. Pride makes the uh idea strong because of the strong strength it becomes the base of next learning. The next learning people do is based on this pride and thought of thought on it. So if you are uh shaming them their the thought processing would cause the continuity breakdown that create a problem for those people yet you can't control those people. Now you gain control over those people. But uh as long as you can do it, people would come back with rebellious nature and they would hate you forever. This how

happens because we want to be different and we don't want to submissive to each other. So isolation the concept of civilization is is is serious. I is also dead wrong. Pro I said that probably I repeated this part. Let me read it again so you can you can see if I repeated it or not. So the series are unnatural and supposed to cause chaos and destruction because of control structure rules and is the fight between base of learning and power moves. Let me explain this. The base of learning is is pride and

power moves. Both are pride. Base of learning is pride and power moves are both are both are pride. Pride is uh also hubris. Pr Hebrews is also pride and u your uh your your uh arrogant your dictation your declaration your uh your action to uh your super superiority to to preserve your superiority is pride. Now if your pride is overshadowing other people's pride and making your uh your uh pride like if I'm acknowledging your pride you have idea I understand it now I acknowledge that okay you have a good

idea even I know you're wrong I just acknowledged you but the next moment if I see that you using that as a power move to be more powerful than me and I would be not assisting you or not praising you anymore. I would literally try to uh u block you mentally to gain more knowledge which I feel I would feel threat. So that's why if you are using the pride for power moves you are doomed. But if you are using the pride for your best of learning next learning you really going to be uh the a really good example of

how we should learn. Okay. So no one tells you the difference between them. Keep the pride and remove the power moves. Power moves doesn't come from feeling of insecurity. Psychology keeps telling us we feel insecure but we don't feel insecure. It's negative feelings and we cannot observe negative feelings in us like feel bad. It instantly move towards learning or analysis phase when negative feelings comes. Then on top of that it makes you feel only bad not insecure as it is highle description of bad feelings. So

it is built in systematic recommended flow like if you feel insecure that's actually a systematic recommended flow. You are not necessarily need to flow uh feel that insecurity and probably would not never if it is not a uh really systematic recommended flows by psychology. So if we believe that it's a feeling we associate our bad feelings with it and be feel bad. And the rule of feel bad is that you don't face it and the flow stays. Feel bad means you are scared of facing it but the flow of it feeling bad stays

in you keeps going has a continuity and flow stays as a habit as long as you don't see it how it's flow and not a feeling. So flow all those bad flows can stay in you as long as you don't see it as a flow not as feeling because if you look at as a feelings uh you may not be like uh like on top of them or see on top of it. So to make it a uh like helpful for you to make it reanalyze, reprocess it. So you have to think it as a flow without feelings. Then we will you will have this opportunity to uh

process it better. So insecurity stays and keeps isolating us. Okay. I don't know how I explained this part. Uh but I will not explain this. I don't think I I did good and but I actually don't because this is a big lecture and I am already in 30 minutes. Okay. Uh by allowing panic level anxiety when narrative doesn't fit to unknown. Yeah. If the narrative of a person like I'm I'm learning uh something and the next moment I'm trying to learning a different thing that's really

too far from that they don't connect. So my my learning of 30 years would not be connecting to something that's new totally and then I will feel the panic that I am not be able to connect with it. How would I learn it? How would I know it? and it will take me years just to connect with it. So all this is panic level anxiety happens. So by uh that's what happens in school by regulating micromanagement destroys creativity and mental strength and learning confidence and pride and makes

best of learning weak and by providing inspiration makes that feel like learning a misconception like providing inspiration like lectures I'm talking here you here is a inspiration to think about something it's not a learning It's inspiration. You will learn only if you go through the whole learning cycle. So that's a misconception of learning is created in you because of that misconception. Now school can take money from you or make use of you because they they're telling you the I'm teaching you with

the lecture when lectures is just inspiration. Books are just inspiration. Books are not learning. So based on this inspiration we try to uh like control the people to feel make them feel like you are learning something here. It is worth coming here. You will learn but you will not learn actually. You'll just have inspiration and never complete a full learning cycle. Never learn something really good. This how it is happening by information filtering with generalization it breaks the rule of

perspective connection. Yeah. So doesn't feel let it become a story and keeps on uh of uh ongoing learning threads because of feel weird theory because uh let's say if a generalization generalized text is there that means it doesn't have many perspectives to connect with the our civilizational context because it cannot connect with any context it's text analyze text are stay staying as a weird thing. So because it stays as a weird thing as a question mark in your brain it's a

weird feeling I call three type of feeling like feel good bad and weird and sacredness there are many more things but the the three basic the feel good bad and weird and weirdness means it makes you think of it as a question mark all the time and reshapes your life. So generalization can also act like that because it doesn't connect within perspectives. It is a uh now if you think you can like think of that perspective that doesn't connect with it for like 20 years on that topic and it would not be able to connect with it and

it will just waste your time. That's why we have to go and show many more perspect perspectives as you can to explain something. Okay? Because perspectives is the knowledge, actual knowledge. Many many perspectives mean many many knowledge. Now number 10 is it doesn't care about care skill and make us do things we don't care. There is a care skill that before we act we have to care about it otherwise we don't would not act on it. And now like I can say things sometime I can think of

sometimes that doesn't mean I care it fully I car it little and that's what we do we may be carrying it out of cortis carrying it for real but what you do is we we we are really can't predict or can't understand how why you are doing this you're caring about it But uh we want to speculate and we want to feel like uh uh we should do it even we don't care about it fully or there are sometimes things that even don't care at all not even little and we have to do them. But in the early stage

if you are uh trying to do things that you don't care you would go crazy you would go you would go mad and if a school doesn't care about the care care face and care scale of a person and they just want you to do things that you don't care you will get it will get crazy people would not even they would escape their own reality. They would do it and they would not care about it. I mean they would not even look at it. They would not even think of it. They would do it without thinking.

And that's what makes a lot of people like uh uh like like numb and not seeing the whole world. not seeing the whole world while they are leaving the world just they they're skipping uh their master of escapism of many many uh many many things. So by making life goals as a purpose when purpose is instant and instant task purpose is not a whole life thing purpose is an instant thing in a control structure in a learning cycle after you have uh a habit after you learn something a habit or an autonomous flow in your

character this autonomous flow all those autonomous flow gives you to a whole character and that whole character gives you a story and that story your personal own story whole narrative always suggesting what's the what's your next move or your next action next learning to do. So that means at that point when you uh when you have that idea like what the next idea always coming from your own personal narrative. Now your purpose is always in the instant moment that if you believe what your uh narrative is saying your whole

body whole vibe will and whole purpose would uh want to do that would would like to do that. So purpose is your instant task. It's not a whole life thing but in in some days some months some years you will feel like it is going somewhere. Now you can predict it what you where you are going to go with it. Now you can decide uh that I'm going to go there by intention but without even without the intention you would still go there. So intentionalism is actually not the not the greatest thing for human

context. I mean we we have use of it of course but not the greatest thing but we are also intentions. We are built by intentions. So that's like uh I'm not sure about how I think it's not the great thing but in society like in a personal level sometimes in a learning sense internationalism is not a great thing. So it doesn't see why the recommended flows making us do things. So recommend flow means uh people creating habits in you. The short recommendment processes they're creating habits in you and they know

your action when your your movement when you have that habit. So now they can uh predict your actions and use that as a way to benefit from it. So the that's hot recommended flow see are people recommend flows and habits in you but all kind of manipulations are happening from many many small and big parties in micro and macro level and school doesn't really look at them doesn't really think of them doesn't really see how manipulative we are how uh we recommend people to do things

that that people don't need. So psychologist focuses on the intentions too much and if you focus on intention too much we you actually overuse your uh neural uh frontal frontal lobe and make you burn out. So that's why it's a it's a important phase. Now beliefs in speculative accumulation of knowledge. Speculative accumulation of knowledge is what psychology believe in doesn't acknowledge heavy unconscious work like learning processing and learning breakup. So they don't talk

about learning breakup because learning breakup is uh something like when you are when you acknowledge something it goes in your brain you start processing in that processing period you would not be able to think of that learning anymore you think and think of new information about the learning anymore you would feel like it's too much it's enough I don't need anymore but but if you really do it the new information you take on the topic uh your your base of next learning would be really weak. So we don't want to do

that. That's why learning breakup is there. And first of all consuming makes us makes us not really process anything and makes commitment and base of base really weak and scattered. Yeah. So what you see is intentionalism gives us and school gives us what is accumulation of knowledge but speculative way because we intentionally try to speculate our ring without uh we don't have the uh patience to wait for ideas to come yet uh we Don't acknowledge heavy conscious process like uh learning

processing and learning breakup and th over consuming makes us not really process anything at all makes us tired and makes the commitment and base really base of learning really weak and scattered. Okay. Now next is that doesn't care about control structure and how to mimic a control structure. Control structure uh that we talked about in previous lecture that it is something that to control the outcome. So we build some structure to control the outcome. That's what control structure is

and that's our fundamental thinking processes. Every think, every thought with wood do is actually control structure and it's in a macro level the economics and all those things we always trying to control each other and every interaction is trading control. So what we do is actually uh don't know or don't care about control structure in psychology education system. So if you don't know then how would you really make people learn and understand each other? If you don't know our our our control

structure nature and we don't we need to show people how to mimic uncontrolled structure in education system. [snorts] Okay. school never let you complete a learning cycle. Doesn't let you know and doesn't let you uh doesn't let you know what what phases you are on, what phase you in the learning cycle you are on and why each phase how they are developed. So learning cycle is something really important you have to understand that uh why each phases and how they are developed. So why each faces would come only you

would understand only if you follow the follow the narrative of the person that you would understand how they developed why why each phases and doesn't let you know what what are the phases so it never care about that there is a learning cycle it doesn't know probably but it has to have this and doesn't tell you how to act on learning and how to make the education system running in a carefree. It doesn't tell you how how to approach a new learning, how to act on new learning so that your new learning is

[snorts] really useful for your life and how to make education system running in a carefree. So education system is actually below caref because it says sometime some things we do we care or not care doesn't have a value in economics. So it because of that it stays below careface and it has many properties in the learning cycle. Because of that that uh We need to we need to make we need to make uh make education system really on the care phase or above careface not below care phase so that a e school or education system has a

direct impact on economy. So that's what I it should have a direct important economics if we make uh education system really on the care phase not below not in the thread and to do that to have direct impact. So we actually don't need education system. We actually need working a working system and that working system would so uh literally have associated all your learning. We don't actually need any need need this. So direct impact economics. So to direct have a direct impact of the

economics, you actually need to working system that would directly have association with all your learning. So you learn something because you are you're doing something. When you're stuck doing something you are learning. So stuck doing something is you are you are learning. So that's uh this this uh like system that will have to all your learning. So direct impact of economics means you are you you're you are doing something and you're stuck. So now you're learning. So you're learning is a

secondary act. This is how a educational system should should should be actually be a secondary act not the first act. The first act would be doing uh uh like like doing something So this is this way educational system can be useful to human society to us. So implements this from very early of childhood. It implement the education for early of childhood and there is so discredited that a lot of hidden flows and threads keep running without being evaluated in the learning technique phase and keeps running recommended

flows without getting noticed and so the intentions are already blocked and desires are scattered that person is gone. So if you look at this the singularity of all causes you can see that because it's a control structure all those things are actually coming because of the control structure because it is uh our fundamental ideas all those things are actually built by the nature of controlling.

