You worked for psychology for 30 years, 40 years, you don't know what is anxiety and you think like okay if anxiety makes up like 30% 40% above 40% of diseases and actually all the mental disorder are basically built on anxiety and it takes a lot of time to understand that and if you don't know it's not about hormonal dures It's not about the the the gland that makes the anxiety hormone. I don't remember the name of the hormonal gland that uh releases the anxiety hormones. Uh I don't even remember the name of the

hormone still. But the point is uh I'm bad with names. So the point is anxiety doesn't come from that fundamentally. Anxiety is much more than that. Anxiety is a building block. So anxiety in the tiniest level is actually built up the our our ego and our status. So that the ego and the status is different spiritually. I'm talking here the philosophically I'm talking here that that the job of this tiny soul is part it's a flow. It's a flow. It's a wave and it's a frequency and it it job

is to be different than on any other frequency any other flow. And also it could dissolve into the main flow really easily. So it job is to be not dissolve into the main flow is still love. The main flow which is main flow is the god flow or the universe flow whatever you call. So just spiritualist understanding I could give you. But also u if you look at the whole universe and the flows and to look at the flows in we see that flow have those all those things like uh by flow I mean those things are moving and they interact and

because of the interaction the change and the changes uh we got to predict the outcome of the changes uh that's the job of a intentional being and because we want to predict the outcome of the of the changes we predict negative and positive and the negative predictability gives us anxiety. So anxiety fundamentally comes from these two places and and uh now you can think of anxiety in many many way but these are the most fundamental way. The job of anxiety is to make you learn it's is it's the uh

it's like second nature of human not the first nature. Fundamentally we would like to be happy. Fundamentally would like to move in the flow of happiness and not see the anxiety in linear sense. But actually without anxiety there would not be a hiccup. There would not be in the hiccup in the in the in the wave form of human humanity. Uh it would be just flat. It would be dead. It's because anxiety gives us this ability to force uh to use force to uh change our flow, control the flow. Your job is to control

the flow of your actions. So it's a positive force, not a negative force. Though we think about anxiety as a negative force that's because there's a the whole human movement a part for a person has a as a cycle and uh this cycle is you can call the learning cycle and if you have gone through of course you got to have gone through the learning cycle lecture before you come here. So learning cycle means there are there are few phases that you have to go through and if you don't complete the whole

cycle it gives us an anxiety too and that's the unhealthy anxiet anxiety because uh unless you take it of course it also be it it even that anxiety can make positive but let's say we have too many threats going on because uh we have not processed a lot of information we take we took in and we have not processed them and because we have not processed them there consciously those threats are they are there they are accumulating information are trying to be processed and all those process are you you you you created those

process before you proc u I mean threads before you process them you actually [clears throat] are uh trying to create a mind map you're trying to create a map of those things consciously so that's why you have not acknowledged them yet you have not processed them yet they are there because you wanted to create a bigger mind map bigger things in in consciously uh for those reason we usually mess up with the learning cycle and sometimes it gets it becomes a habit and we keep keep going without processing

those things and it becomes overwhelming and that point it becomes unhealthy but before that it is still healthy unless we think of it as a healthy. So let's say if a person is abused for his whole life and he doesn't think that's abuse what happens they say he got anxiety all the time stress all the time abuse all the time fight and flight mode activated all the time yet he doesn't think at it as a bad thing. He might be moving in uh he might have some trouble still he can perform good

may not be whole life but until a certain point people can still feel uh not abused if they don't think that's abuse but when they think it's abuse even smallest of anxiety can feel like problem and this is how psychology is made. This is how all the disers disorders are made. So um so this is um let's say if negative predictability gives us anxiousness and stress and we got to figure out how to solve this negativity. We got to learn, we got to do, we got to act unless Unless we care. So if it is above care

scale uh we do them and we perform the action then we learn it again. Like when you uh act you you again go back and think about the action the process you already performed and you thought how I could develop it better how I I how I could understand it better. So you reanalyze then you rest again because you acknowledged it. You're resting again. You gone through the breakup phase. You gone through the all the phases and you come back with a new idea. And that new idea is something you can

call your u new philosophy. Then you go through this again and again and then you learn more and more and more. So at some point you feel like you give you going in a loop about on single topic because the part of the brain that uh things that take cares of the topic the the evolvement of a topic gets tired. So now you have to give up the whole topic at some point. So learning breakup is a is is is a is a emergence property some way it's a cycle it has a limit. So limit is a margin property. Um in every phase you will

every phase every square where you will face a limit and that limit would trigger a cycle a reset and those trigger uh will give you like a uh giving up a process and take a rest and restart another process maybe another topic and slowly slowly layer by We move ahead and we build our concept of learning a concept of understanding of the uh whole world. here uh let's say there is no anxiety and if we evolve without that anxiety without that limit. So limit also uh triggers anxiety cycles and layers also triggers anxiety.

And at some point you will see that let's say let's say there is no cycle there is no limit there is no negative predictability and there is no uh commitment then it's just a flat let's say flat line flat line all are about happiness but happiness doesn't make you learn that much. Happiness is uh if you are too much happy uh like if you are too much anxomous nervous system gets activated and anxiety becomes your normal action even without commanding even if you don't want to be anxious

anxiety comes in. So happiness is something like a similar thing. If you are being happy all the time, you will also just think like being happy all the time, you would not like to think about negativity or anxiety anymore. And that would create a problem of negative predictability. I'm sorry. uh create a problem of uh like like uh not learning more and so it makes you dumb. It makes you dumb. It's crazy. People I say people moves in a flow. Our actions are flow. Flow means autonomous actions. So

in or so I call this learning flow. So we could understand it better because everything is flow but in our human context in a personal character learning flows are some autonomous action that we do without commanding. So now this those autonomous actions are supposed to be minimalize our thought process. So that the the process is to minimalize our thought process so that it becomes a learning anything you are doing anything you are doing learnings learning's purpose the purpose of learning is to

make all those flows I mean sorry all those action you are being like how minimal way you do that without using our uh commanding feature or our or let's say our consciousness our intention. The job is to not use our intention because our intention is very limited. The part of our brain that has to take the action it ability and bandwidth really limited and too much information too much things to do. So the job is to make any action minimalize the process and make it autonomous all the time. That's the purpose of any

action. So this way the job is to make make it a flow make it a habit. And that habit or flow runs makes us run. That that's how we run. That's how we move. That's how we uh that's how we talk. Every action is a flow going on. And we we want to move in that flow smoothly without noticing. So if happiness becomes a dominant flow then opposite of anxiety goes away like opposite of happiness goes away which is anxiety or opposite of happiness is anxiety. So goes away means anxiety is the mechanism to make

you learn. So you you don't learn. So anything becomes like this dominant something if something is your dominant flow. There's a characteristic here. If something is your dominant flow and if it is happiness then you would not see the problems coming in and you would you would face problem and because you will see those problems you will be you will face those problems just uh conceptually what do you being tested by God. We call this being tested by God. But uh you can call them of course uh any way

you want. And this not a problem for me of course saying that it doesn't conflict with anything. Uh I mean the problem is uh that's what happens. You get problems if your dominant follow is happiness. So what you need is you need managed happiness. You probably think this is not true. Well um actually technically this becomes you you be you you become tested. You face problems because you don't see things happening. You don't see negative things. You are not you you're supposed to see

those things but you are not. You are supposed to now your your want your desire to just see positive things. So you would not see negative things and that's why you will go down as a problematic character like a problematic go down in the path of problematic life. So as a as a as a concept I say that the thing you care most would be the thing you you become makes you happy right and that's why that thing will bring problem so you got to do is managed happiness managed care say you have a problem everything every

everything is consider everything as a problem and you want a solution Because you now die because you care about something. Now you face the problem. Now you are inside a problem. You're facing a problem. You're fighting it. You're constantly getting anxiety. Constantly getting getting new things and learning everything. Now because of the problem, so problem deserves a solution. But solution is non-existent. We don't know the solution. It doesn't exist yet. It is not in your brain. Your neural

connection has not built up the solution. Have not seen the solution yet. So solution nonexistence. to solve a non-existent sol and bring up a non-existent solution that is not there. What we do is we look at the problem that would come if the solution is not there. This is this is a mechanism of solving a problem that we fundamentally naturally do is going opposite of the uh problem solution or going opposite of like going negative. You can say going negative going negative if solution doesn't exist

like what happens if the solution doesn't exist. So if you go negative against the solution what will happen? It will happen anxiety. It will happen a problem. it will have a a a disaster, a dangerous thing, a a problematic thing. So that's anxiety. You go against that anxiety. So against that anxiety we get a partial solution and that partial solution partial solution gives us like uh another problem like uh it's not enough of course it's partial solution partial solution. So now you think of

another another anxiety another dangerous things with the with the problem. Sorry another anxiety another part another dangerous thing with that problem and you create another partial solution and you add those partial solution together. Then you go back to you experience the solution. You implement the solution of course and after you implement the solution you uh you face the problem again because solution is partial not enough. You attempt with the solution. You go back and face the anxiety again and go

against the anxiety to build another solution and you add those three solution together. So this is like brute forcing. This alo this is also uses the pendulum effect. Using this pendulum effect philosophically you can say we actually build the solution to the problems of our life. Like the the the the distance between the anxiety and the solution decreases each in each attempt. And at at one point it's like you can like uh you just it just uh there's no difference between the solution and the problem and the the

solution then overshadow the problem or the the problem dissolves into the solution. So this is how we actually uh create a solution and all those things you can say fundamentally all those things you just every step or everything can be thought as a perspective. So this is how we build perspective and I like I said perspective is a magical thing. Perspect perspectives is a building block of our story and if perspective is built up like this uh uh pendulum effect or brute forcing which is a natural way to solve a

problem without even being taught by people. You can natural you just naturally do it. Um because the the job of solving a problem is facing the anxiety and going against the anxiety. Whatever way you find the best predict prediction you get to like I said against anxiety the best positive prediction is the solution in your thought but you find the best positive prediction is the solution then you use that positive prediction to solve a problem you get but you get more problem that's not add up so you go back you

face the anxiety face the problem and find the best possible solution like the predict predict predict positive predictability against that anxiety and you find the solution. This way you go and move and move forward and some point you build many many perspective and that's why perspectives are the knowledge is the experience perspective is the knowledge perspective is uh like if you know general relativity um in more more perspectives than Mr. Einstein you would probably know basically you will know

more than Einstein if you know more perspectives that's knowing that's not discovering of course this a different kind of thing but that doesn't mean you if you know a lot you'll also discover a lot that's also a normal thing so so the job of anxiety is to build up our world not just make you make us learn but also build all the structures. So what is a structure here? Every solution you create and every perspective is you create also a structure. Of course we their control structure

they are created to control some outcome of some changes or some problems and all we say like this is control theory but now let's say what I say is that the journey of solving problem like this are traced are tracked are saved and memorized and used and that's our story Every thing can be a story. Even every tiny thing tiny idea, tiny solution are built like a story and connected as a story. A story means it has a movement towards something like it's a flow. It's a flow towards

something like you can find flows here too. It flows are everywhere. And uh story has a narrative has a continuity continuity. Now if you don't keep up continuity with the story with the narrative you again bring up anxiety. This anxiety is such a thing that comes in many many phases. But say you you are not caring about the narrative of a personal personal growth. A person has their own personal narrative and that narrative that a story uh if things are not connecting or the story is not continue then people

can't really connect with that thing and that also gives us anxiety. Let's say let's say we we we fixed connected to the story but we have not uh doing we are not doing things that we care that also gives us anxiety like every phase in the learning cycle every phase that's why anxiety is such a thing anxiety It is the reason sometimes you can't learn though is the reason we we feel hiccups in the process. We feel problems. We mess up and we learn again. Also, it is the process

happens. This is the thing happens when you mess up with the learning cycle because learning cycle is a fundamental way of going through the whole thing that going through the but you cannot just mess that up. It's above us. It's larger than us. Learning cycle is larger than us. It's it's us. It's it's the way we learn. So you can't just escape those. You can just bypass those phases. If you do that you will miss certain part of neural conditions that will that will uh make you suffer that will make

you uh not answer all those questions. So after you care if you do if you do things that you don't care you feel anxiety if you're learning um like you you're perceiving things that you don't want to because you're forcefully doing those things that will give you anxiety. Then also if you if you're uh not like uh your learning techniques are not uh evolving or learning techniques are not uh actually being used or you not using the learning techniques you're not care you're not

aware of those techniques you're also feeling anxiety then then all those um learning threads are they are not processed they also will give you anxiety and if you don't acknowledge things if you if you just don't acknowledge things the those will give you anxiety if you fight the commitment if you fight the importance fight the breakup phase uh you will just if you just go against those learning technique phases you will also face anxiety but that doesn't mean you Don't face it.

That doesn't mean you don't want to do it. You should be in many many way you will go against those phases the process the part of the learning cycles you'll go against them you will face problem and you will gain knowledge you'll gain understanding but of course all the time every time you have to come back and follow the whole process again other it will not help it will stay as a uncomplete learning thread in your conscious brain uh that will take up your bandwidth. So let's say

your brain is tired. Now when a brain is tired this a limit hit the the brain everything everything is a cycle. The cycle has a limit and the limit is heated hit it would have a reset. Now if you even try to learn after the reset that would also give you huge stress or anxiety because that's going against the mechanism of our brain. You think and you figure out, right? But when you think and you figure out, you don't trust the process, trust the idea. You trust the way of uh consuming information,

not processing them. So you consume a lot of information and you don't understand those information. really really you have not experienced them now they are not being processed good way so you not caring about processing them also that you give that will give you a boost to ego but this um will give you a like like anxiety in your brain there are many many flows of anxiety in your brain you don't even No. And if you just be careful and figure out and slowly uh let it uh let them release, let them go,

you'll see how puffy, how soft, how smooth can you get, how better you can have a life. Anxiety goes everywhere in every problem. When it is a problem, we face anxiety. But only if we take anxiety as a part, as a way, as a process, it's really great. But also in those phases where we mess up the learning cycle, we got to look at the whole cycle and experience the whole cycle to recover from the anxiety because of the consuming information. What do we think? We think we want to take information uh take information.

So the resources of the information becomes important. But when you think about not consuming but making your own idea then resources are not important because you can do you can learn anything without any resource. It will just come up because you will access this is Oracle. You will access the perspective network which is in the human context. The network of perspectives are out there everywhere and you are connected with many many perspective and you can just go through the perspective and you

can do calculation you you will find and build more and more information that are really useful but consuming information is not actually a really truly your perspective uh I mean truly your narrative continuity Sometimes most of the times it is not because consuming information like you you got to process and build a perspective but you don't process those consuming information doesn't help yet we feel like we we learned a lot actually that's not we learn that's actually we taking information as a

inspiration inspirations are inspiration not learning learning to learn something you have to go through the whole process and build the perspective if you don't build a perspective it doesn't help but there's already a lot of perspective out there to everybody build up a network of perspectives and we go see perspectives basically it's not what word we see we we we we learn we learn perspectives we are so much accustomed what's the word for like so much into perspective that we don't even

know need word to describe perspectives we just see and understand them. We're so much looking at perspectives just how powerful we are without words. And those perspectives build up the whole world and one thing can lead up to another thing. They're all connected. magical is it is that if you just consuming information and not experiencing and building perspective, it will not help you. And that's the problem that we always think like we want to do something, we we want to learn something, we got to go to the

college, school, teachers and many many places when it's right here around you. We can access it right there. And it's not a spirituality. You see, it's like it's more like science. This how I want psychology to acknowledge to build up the understanding of the world. Uh I I'm I'm just I'm I'm just thinking about there's a there is a lot more way you can analyze analyze uh the human context to uh to preserve the anxiety because if anxiety is villainized then you lose the ability to learn.

And who who get health help from it? Whose benefit is that? If you lose like if you uh use game theory perspective, you'll see that this is the benefit of devil. The devil would be benefited if we build a nice anxiety. But also um many spiritual says that um uh devil is anxiety. You see this problem here. It's true that devil is anxiety. But also if you really villainize anxiety in a in a in a deep level you lose the ability to learn to grow to evolve. is such a building block in so many uh

so deep like it's the one of the most fundamental things to be careful uh let's say we we we always like uh let's say we have a perspectives we learned the perspective and we don't know how to express it with words with words are not there to express everything and so we faced a problem and uh we get angry at us because we are honest person and deep down we get angry at us because those things doesn't match up with our understanding the wording. So we feel the anger and we feel unethical. We feel we are

lying. So that makes us going through the anxiety again and again and figure out more and more perspectives to have better wording like your you want your words to be perfect like better what you feel and what your wording should be connected and that's not easy thing to do but we go through this process because we don't want to lie. So sometimes the trick works. The trick like if you don't lie, if you don't lie, you learn better. You you you figure better. You you you you face the problems. You face the problems

and you experience better. But what I've seen is that if people are asked to don't lie and face the problem they will see they are intentionally facing a problem and now they see the magic of learning in the pro in while while facing the problem. Now they want to create more and more situation like this intentionally like they start designing events in reality like like in the in in in in reality they start designing events with people start manipulating people and they start to see the building blocks or fundamentals that

makes people run in flows in the human context. So if you want to solve a lot of problems and make people wise actually don't lie which is really I I just I this is not part of this lecture of course because I just wanted to share you that sometimes trick works actually this is a trick this is a really great trick and don't lie and you see it really helps but as we are as we are in a control structure and society is telling that only way to survive is to deceive each other you can't win.

It destroys this whole thing because you if you want to deceive people, you want to know how they work. So you will really really figure out how people work, right? This that's this that's it should be because you want to deceive people but because you are lying to deceive people you are not actually facing problems in a way that could give you the ability to see the fundamental of people to deceive them. So if you don't lie you will see the reality. If you lie you you you will not see the reality. But yet we think

like if we lie we'll see the reality but we don't actually this is like a opposite of what we think. So I just wanted to share you that uh like the trick trick or this kind of tricking like some trick shot lying is a trick shot or don't lying is a trick shot.

