So we have talked about learning anxiety but learning anxiety comes from force learning. It's a result of force learning. What is force learning? Force learning means as a learning machine human human learning machine when you don't uh when you discard or dis discard the bypass a learning the learning cycle or phases of learning cycle. So let's say you skip or uh misuse or sell what's the word of the word the word. So you actually villainize. So villainize a a phase in the learning

cycle. So you don't go through that cycle anymore and your narrative doesn't continue. All those things makes us forcefully learn something. Just force learning as a human we are learning machine and we should be looking at everything from the perspective of learning and if something uh is not processed really good that's going to give us trouble. So that's the fundamental of diseases in mental disorder phase. So if we don't understand this, we don't complete the phases and we don't see we

are we are learning machine. We don't have to tell our brain to learn. The moment we tell our brain to learn is intentionalism. Intentionalism, right? This intentionalism. We we intentionally tell our brain to learn and that mess messes up with the whole the learning cycle process because intentionalism is is is what devil's weapon uh to mess up those things. Your decision, your thinking, your ideas sometimes hurt you like this. But that doesn't mean just normally naturally you would not do it.

And that's what I I I call uh uh uh I forgot the word right now. Yeah. So yeah, I forget a lot. I'm just recently passing my 35. It's like my two day pass my uh 35 birthday 35th birthday. So before like like from like last on year I'm forgetting things too much for I forget things too much and this probably because I'm I I I I really do things really complex. But the point is the intentionalism gives us uh the problem of force learning also. So force learning comes from intentionalism. The misuse of

intentionalism and then force learning results in learning anxiety. Now we talked about good bad anxiety but the learning anxiety means bad uh here in this in this lecture so learning anxiety can be good also I we talked about good and bad of anxiety in previous lecture but here anxiety I'm talking about bad that's why we are causing the force learning here what does happens when Somebody launch something forcefully, they don't care. It breaks the whole cycle and it goes against everything.

And what face we face is the is the problem of escapism. Escapism means people escape the experience. They do but they skip the experience. They escape the ideas about that experience that comes in because uh some also if learning pride is broken we also skip ideas that that comes in intuition and we actually not do things uh what we call by ourself or not do things intentionally. I mean not is so what's the word? It's not like uh smooth uh spontaneously by ourself. We don't become positive.

We don't we don't uh get aroused by things anymore because if we trust on something believe on something we get hurt because nobody cares about me. Why would I care about anything? And this what results to people uh like like they're they're young young people and when they are like this at some point like we see that young people are young people don't care right and psychology says it's good it's a building personality right but Actually people could if if if it is not force learning if it was

smooth learning then people would not be like this young people would not be like this if it was smooth learning people would be positive and uh I'm this word is always bugging me throughout this lecture the the point is that we would be happy we'd be optimistic this like this optimistic thing we would be optimistic but if we don't we would be like this and psychologist say it's a good thing this I don't like so smooth learning would give us optimism at some point people who are not going

through the good things and the bad way experiencing they're skipping all those things they would face life and they would wake up. And when they wake up, they has to work and provide and to to to work and provide for their family. I mean at at that at that point they have to go through uh new understanding of the world and their own understanding of the world and uh they always blame that they did not work they did not study in school so they blame themsel They did not study and they blame

themsel. So because they blame themsel they become the enemy of their own. People thinks themsel as an enemy because they did not help them. And they also think there is no way they can do anything because they are not educated. They are not good. They they have not worked. They have not learned anything. So not educated and not learned. This is how the concept of people works in the society and they become worker who does physical uh physical what is it physical work physical you know the word I forot again so

they they become like those kind of work and they low pay hardworking job they and they never think out of this system. There are many people there who don't think inside the system. they think out of the system and then they don't agree that uh uh anyone can hurt them like they have a learning pride strong if learning pride is strong means I am too good to be uh controlled by others always say it's the best word would be I'm too good to be needing other other system needing education system needing a job

market needing a uh uh business market needing a uh tutor needing a help needing money they don't believe in those things like I'm too good to be in need of those things I don't need them I am enough for me. So those are the this this is what builds I'm enough learning pride builds this and learning pride is uh destroyed in the school phase for many people but people who are fighter they fight they don't like school and still they keeps up with their uh what is it you call it pride and they learn they

can go through a lot of things and they don't who fall in the system. But people who believes in they fall in the system. The pain is same for everybody. It doesn't matter which way you go. The suffering is same. Everybody's suffering. But the life choice is sometimes is uh bowing your head down or making yourself up. It's it's also a personal choice choice. And you can't say who is happy. Everybody can be happy. Everybody can be can be can be suffering. But in this adventure of uh school and

educational system that gives us the force learning concept is not just in the in the system. It's also out of the system. It's also in the family. It's although in the society and that makes this drama really uh strong, really like It makes things real because school is not in the in the care phase. Is school is below care phase. So is school below care phase. But family, business, market, society, all those things are above careface. Even sports the the fundamental things that are human modern modern society all

those things are above careface and if you run in those things and the influence of school is so strong that it hurts in everywhere. So in this way is a it's an undeclared bureaucracy of his school because people are not getting help from school yet they are taught that they are getting help and they work for as a advocate of school advocate of teaching. So force learning doesn't stop there. It it is everywhere in many many way. And people who doesn't believe in school because they think they are poor and

they they can't go to school. They're poor people and they don't care about school because like some people who has uh in the world in the whole world their kid goes to work in very early age. And they learn to the real world. They work in the real world. And by law or by many laws and many convention they are called bad people because this child working or child what's the word? The B point is child labor. Actually, it's a good thing. Of course, uh managed non-extreme uh child labor is not a good thing.

Extreme extreme child labor, but uh like like like kid can work and they could get used to the whole economics, right? But that's also a problematic because we live in this society in the capitalistic society creates those mentality already all those flows are there right it's like I said there too many flows and it's hard to get out of those flows but a normal way to work and learn to grow even in this capitalist logistic society would be really hard just because the bureaucracy undeterred bureaucracy is

everywhere. Like I said, the poor people like they uh raise better children because they learn naturally. Natural brute forcing technique. They learn naturally. They connect naturally. They they they are physically active. Their perspectives are connected better. They understand better and they are happy. And a person who is caring a lot with this intention education system job is to use the intention to manipulate your learning, manipulate your development. And by this is not learning. is put learning is

intentionalism is is force learning and because of that they never actually feel happy and and the nature of controlling in the in in in a human society also gives a lot of problem like all those status all those control things gives people a lot of things and poor people are out of the game and they live happily so In a way you see that um the sacrifice we want to make we know that it's it's a bad it's a tough thing and we are taught that this is the only way to move otherwise there is no other

way even in uh 20 25 now we know schools are not good schools are doesn't help Yet we see there is no other way and no other way. School is also a social platform and uh maybe that's not a problem if the school is not too strict. School should not be strict. Just let people be them. But school should not be like 7 days, 5 days, 6 days. And uh the learning cycle should be followed. But then also going to school is just getting ideas from people all the time is a wrong way to learn. You cannot really finish the

whole learning process. And if you come back to your uh house and you see the same problem coming from your parents and same things they are talking about you never really get a chance to process those learning because you can't really acknowledge things because acknowledgement stays on hold because this is how I call the acknowledgement stays on hold because it's halted Because the brain understands at some point that everybody is talking about the same topic and I can't really process it

anymore because more and more information is coming. I can't really break up with this topic. It keeps going and nobody sees the future like how on what to do in this situation and this crisis is too hard. If people can't decide what to do for their child, for their for their kid, it's real mechan real way to break the society, real way to break the family, break everything which because you if you're not knowing like what to do for your children, let let them learn or not learn, go to

school or not go to school. It's like it's like all kind of tri dilemma or all kind of things going on in the same way. So people give up even even from smart families they give up teaching children uh many people because they know what's going on in the world is so let's say let's say a social breakdown happens. Let's say uh the the the the ch the children who are going grow growing up and they don't uh have a way to get a new future, right? They don't have a new future what to do.

They don't know, they don't understand what's going on because people are confused. They revail. They got have their own place. they rebel and when they rebel they overthrow the uh existing bureaucracy or existing world people who are already successful they they take them down and take their places. Now for next few years maybe things are fine but again they create the same problem the same bureaucracy. Again they create the same bureaucracy. It's like a loop like like we are forced learning is not

just a thing here in the school. It results to not a solution all everywhere that we don't care about what's going like I said it's school is be below care care level we don't care about what happens in school we don't care and um whole things happening there because of below care level things like I said things that are below care level makes up the things above care level. To have this idea flowing around and to have a solution to this is always to look at that force learning

uh to make people dumb, make people confuse, not learn is uh always going to come up as a as a as a as a frustration as a attack in the in the near future. But in opposite to that, if we let people just work like opposite of force learning is also crazy. Let's say let's say force learning is is is smooth learning that people learn following the whole learning cycle. If you're following the whole learning cycle, you have no way to uh understand uh like uh like your your your purpose of life

is really good because your your narrative is going fed up fed like your your feeding your narrative continuity is going up but you have no way to feed your family. Because you're feeding, you can't feed yourself. You're feeding your narrative. Now, because you're feeding your narrative, the the world deserve you to make money. Because the world is deserve you to make make things like produce things, all those things. If they don't fit in the narrative, what do you do? You can't leave your narrative because

your narrative yourself this your identity. You can't just do anything and if you do a thing your narrative is went away. Now you want to do a thing and that becomes your new narrative and your whole life experience gone away. Now using that you make money narrative is gone. It's a force learning and if it is if you are forcefully not doing it, you're smoothly going through the narrative, you are not making for your family. Now the problem just not going to be solved inside this box of force learning.

We got to look above to see what's going on. And above if you look we see the problem come from a much bigger system much more bigger control structure much bigger flow that running us and uh those flows are may not be seen by us regularly. We don't see them. We don't understand them and that's why we are going through this. That's what I call is let's say layers above. If layers above us are some solution there are like if you go out of the box and see the problem and solution and we

could see a lot of things. My idea that the whole uh like in modernism in modern days we see that there are uh many uh learning we have we already learned a lot of things to move through our life and those learnings are created or recommended by other really big control structures and because of because we are in a loop and we feel like if if we could get out of this loop like get out of this capitalism we may see a solution. Uh and possibly not that's not the case. It's not this it's not the capitalism

that's the problem. And I call this learism. Layerism is that in every cycle in every cycle improvement happens because of this improvements every cycle is different. Every new cycle is different than the other cycle. Now what makes the difference? Can you look at the diff things that makes the difference and can we develop using that style? Can you can you can you develop the society? Develop the human context, develop the psychology what you call can can you develop using that context or that perspective

that persist? Can we do that? And let's say also reset and cycles are not bad. They're necessary. That doesn't mean it can be there can be good. There there there are lot of things that can persist and we can have a uh like we we can have a good long run. Of course uh if we can understand what to improve and how to improve and which perspectives to improve so that it persist uh through the things like um the civilization in modern civilization is not what we think. It started long time ago.

Uh it started long time ago and we have gone through a lot of cycles and the lot of things is still here. And I saw this as a this is solution that if we look at ourself from the perspective of a learning machine, a a perspective generator, a um cyclic uh psychic things of the universe. Um uh control mechanism, status, or ego even anxiety and many fundamental things. And if we look at every topics that we have, every topic, not from the perspective of development, progress, not not from the perspective

of progress, not from the perspective of competition and being better than each other, but from the perspective of this. That's how recommended flows and control all those things that that we cannot be doing things that like we're constantly evaluating everything we are learning by seeing how those things are making us to go to toward which way. So you could see how we are learning, how we are changing. Those things could tell us how we are changing for each thing we are learning, each term we

are learning and going through what way and that could give us a better solution that uh we can we persist that nothing making us going in the wrong way like uh we know what's the wrong way. We know the problem. We know the danger. Now if we brute force and like using the pendulum effect, we just going through this and we just see that how we could like uh going against anxiety and we could going and find solutions. You could do this for everything and everything, every word, every concept we have would be uh

cleared, would be refined using those uh using those refinary mechanism to have a solution that gets better and better and we have a persistence of understanding in ourself, persistence of knowledge that builds our whole concept, whole con and I for a certain length it would persist for a certain length of the civilization we could go move forward even better of course we I don't I don't believe we should be living we should be uh existing forever we should may not we could not that's

not the way that's not the goal but just we want to keep going our flow our our civilization flow we want to keep it go and that gives us the idea of solution though many spirit spiritual people tells me it's unnecessary to think about them it's unnecessary to learn them uh because learning comes from the divine you don't need to figure out those things and I don't I don't I don't get that idea also uh but the point is uh we got to find we we got to do it And uh force learning is

something that also uh hurting us and force learning there's not much benefit from post learning actually.

