 And then what we are doing is that, let's say a kid, a child, the first narrative is that he wants to look at something. And if you, it's a game that if you understand the first narrative, how it works, if you just let the kid to look at what they are looking, what they want to look, and just keep let them do it without your interference, just if you let them, let's say you are holding the baby just a few months old or a few days old, wants to look at something, and you just keep let them look at without, I mean, as long as they want. And you do, you do that when they are tired, they take a break and you show, you do that again and again and again, how the baby will learn that whatever preference they have, the micro preference are being acknowledged and are being nurtured. So that's why they will keep learning. to focus on their attention, on their desire that they are trying to see or understand, what will happen in a few days, let's say two, three, four days, the kid will have hyper-focus, believing system, that for a kid, it works really fast because a kid has less complexity. It can just be focused on the things they desire. And they will not like to eat or anything that would interfere with the situation. No kind of interference would be able to create a problem there because eating or any kind of desire below that are not primary or secondary. Primary is something above and secondary is our learning desire. And those feeding comes really late that a kid would love to keep their personal narrative intact and the continuity on a momentum without eating. So this is a crazy thing.

In the short term, not for all the time, but for short term, the baby would have a much more managed hunger, not all the time eating, but managed hunger because they would love to spend their time on the gaze or information seeking.

That is because of the, as I say, my own theory is that main flow has candidates, and candidates can take over if they are prominent and more stronger. There are a few or more more candidates, many, many candidates for a main flow. And only the one that are more dominant in the situation that triggers that flow, and that flow would take over as a lead. So this is how human being works. So the main point I'm trying to say is not that, the main point is that you are saying the hierarchy of priority. Yeah, that's a real thing. And what I want to understand is, in the responsive caregiving you said, responsive caregiving is not just responsive caregiving. What it does is it creates the first narrative. That's the narrative idea I have. The first narrative is created through responsive caregiving. Yet, you have to manage that you don't bring too much narrative, only one narrative. And that's the whole goal. And if it is slow, then all the random things it's doing becomes one narrative. If it is fast, all random things become separate narrative, then they can't connect. This is a human being outbrain capability. Do you understand that this is how responsive caregiving creates the first narrative? But if you can continue on that, oh my God, you'll be surprised how good, how fast your baby talks, how good he responds, how he becomes active. You will be surprised at the activity.

So this is the first narrative idea I have, and I think this is one of the, I think this is one of the most fundamental, most easiest basic idea. This one idea that you can build first narrative and continue with, you are gonna create a superhuman being.

this is the best way and most perfect way we can make people grow. There is not a better way than this. This is the most fundamental because that's the most natural way, because that's how human beings work.

human development is not multi. There is only one thing. If it is a human, then human has only one way for the perfect way. So this can only be one way to be perfect on something that fundamental. Do you understand that? You can go by the reverse, and that's the only way because you are going with the reverse. And let's say if you are flying, you have to go above the ground. That's the only way. Do you understand what I mean? You do not understand for a human being, how a human being works is only one way, and that is narrative development. There's no other way. All other way would break the narrative. That's what I say. Break narrative, break first narrative, and break pride. That's the worst thing you can do. Too much narrative is the worst thing you can do.

So with perception window, first narrative continuation, safe attachment, this three thing you can do for a kid to be normal.

But all those things build up the main narrative, the first narrative, that persistence for every human being, even they are the dumbest, they have really complex narrative built up in their brain. So if somebody is really good, not broken narrative, they are the perfect human being. That's the only foundational way of how human being works. You can go inside it, but not outside it. You can describe many things inside the first narrative, but if you go out of first narrative, narrative development, there is no human being.