Language brought up the measurement, you know. Language is the thing that brought up the measurement thing. Without language, so what would happen? Let's say we have to calculate 2 plus 2 and we have to do that with language intentionally that 2 plus 2 is 4. 100 multiplied by 100 would be 1000 or 10,000. So that's how you would calculate in general. But without language, what would happen is that you would just know it. You would just know it instantly. That's the layer. So how that layer works? Let's say you say you have a story. You have a story. And you listen to that story and after you listen to that story, you actually, what you do is you remember the story. Now if I ask you who was the father, you just know who was the father. There is no calculation there. You just know that what was the sentence. You just know that how the sentence is crafted, like there are few words in the sentence. If I tell you a sentence, you just know that there are words in the sentence. You just know what words come after which one. You do much more complex calculation and without calculating, without math. You just know it. But what we do with language, we brought up the calculation idea and we get overwhelmed when we intentionally calculate things.

When you master that, you just know it. You will know, you will be surprised that how many things you just, you can just know. And you will understand the feelings of know, like how, what is the fundamental feeling that tells you what is the known. Because those feelings are now not existing in your brain permanently. The similar way, a child, if a child is not learning the sound of music, they would forget how to differentiate between this and between notes and they would not understand unless they are extensively trained. A similar way, the two perspectives would not know each other if they are, if it's like blind to each other. If they are, they gotta be overlapping or they would not know each other. That's how, that when you don't know it, it's just not existing in your brain. You have no idea what it is.

Let me tell you this, do we calculate the note, music, that you just know the music, this is the sound. You do not calculate. Let me tell you this, we do not calculate fundamentally. Calculate is a, calculation is an intentional mechanism that comes in the front layer, not in the back layer. You know, our deeper understanding doesn't require, our consciousness doesn't require calculation, it just knows it.

narrative that puts down the knowing, that people forget that what is knowing. And the fundamental feeling is not emotional feeling. Let me tell you this. Fundamental feelings are the best feelings that we use to understand the reality. And we calculate based on that fundamental feelings. And I agree with you. It's a form of calculation, but not the way we think the calculation happens in this layer, the deeper layer. Consciousness, I don't talk about consciousness. I don't know about consciousness. I try to get the logical view, but what I told you in this whole thread, all those things are logically achieved. Every question you can ask, don't ask right now. I don't want to make this thread big because, but I have the thing. I have answers to that. And I have theories to explain them. It's not just theories to explain. It's a compact model that explains each other perfectly to build a natural system that enforces how human beings are created, but not bounded by human beings' limitation. It is bounded by the above layer. Imagine the layer, the existential layer that goes inside us to experience this reality.

Knowing is coming from the creator. How the creator, you may ask. As we talked before that all the laws and structure that created the reality, human beings are laws, are laws and a structure. The reality are laws and structures, law and principles, laws and structures, principles and structures. You need to understand. Now, structures and principles cannot exist alone. They must be, they can be thought, they can be manifested, but they cannot be existing without something beyond the system observing itself through each and every principles and each and every structures. Otherwise, there would not be existence of them. Since we exist, then this necessary being must be observing through everybody. And that says that, okay, if that is happening, then when you know, you know, it's actually that higher structure, higher, I'm sorry, the creator, the necessary being knowing. So knowing is much bigger than your calculation.

I am talking about knowing as a mechanism, the mechanism of knowing coming from God, not about the information that we are knowing. The information that we know is for us inside the system, all are different, different perspectives that are created in the interaction of all the laws and structures and principles. So when we know something, that something is our desire to know some perspective, that perspective we are knowing. So that information is a perspective, is not going to be accurate, because it is inside the system. But the mechanism of knowing it is coming from the absolute creator, and as you know, the absolute creator only know everything, it is perfect, absolute, it would not make a mistake. That's how we are trying to get perspectives in many ways that are creating this mechanism of knowing. 

intentionalism is that we have this problem to understand that our own perspective is giving us the problem, that our own perspective is flawed, and our perspective, and as we know, the job of mindfulness is to act from a perspective. So that perspective, if you are intentional, you are acting from that perspective. That's why your understanding is going to be flawed because you are inside that perspective. Other people are in another perspective. But when you are unintentional, you got no taste, you got no perspective. And that's the absolute knowing and it is a numbness. So that's why you will not perform, you will freeze.