So, Hinduism is much more cosmic, and that tells that the religion is not a religion, the cosmic system. Religion is a draft that is organized, created by empire, but the thing that above it, above it, that's what spirituality is different than religion, and that's what, if we see the religious texts of Hinduism, these are more cosmic, and try to say answer the existence of ourselves. But then, if you look at like Buddhism or even Sufism, they have the similar kind of thing, even the Yogi or those things. But when it comes to Christianity, Islam, if you look at their texts, the texts are much more bound in the economic cycle. And that when some is in the economic cycle or cycle, it's a religion curated by the economic system. People call it empire, but my point is economic system, because in the whole thing, the whole universe, the structures that are intentional are mostly goes through a learning cycle that I am working on. So this learning cycle actually happens because it has many phases, because it has a continuous flow, and that has a phase in that continuous flow in the cycle that is KR cycle. So below KR cycle are in the head. are happening inside the personnel, but when you are going above here, you are acting and just creating interaction, and interaction is the fundamental of economics because we are caring only economically, because you don't just do everything, you're just doing it economically. And the economic phase in the whole world is a materialistic world sense, with actually most of the time creating this accumulative nature of people. And this is where religion shines. It tries to tell us what to do in life, a life system. Even Islam says it's a life system, yet a system cannot be spiritual that way, but the question is, are they trying to make it spiritual? But the question is, it's a mixture. That's why I think when an economic system is imposing or creating an organized religion, this religion is enforced by much more cosmic or yogi or a spiritual super system to infiltrate the religion to put some actual spirituality inside the religion. That's what they do. And that's why religions are much more mixed up things instead of a single thing. But if you look at all the structure, all the things, let's say what is Muslim, what is Islam, you cannot find in Quran, but you see that there is a five pillar of Islam. Those five pillars are created and not in Quran. The the The middleman system, the priest system, the things that you need to be, you need to please this person, you need a middleman to go to heaven, and those kind of things. Then the economic system with the festivals, that you get festivals, the Quran doesn't have a festival, it doesn't have a... Then also we can talk about the Quran may have a problem, we can talk about that, but that's not the discussion I'm talking about. I'm talking about the fundamentally how religion is, which are much more different than the Quran. Quran doesn't have a thing, have those things that we do, even the salah five times a day, even the other things, even other things that we do in Islam. So Islam is not Quranic, that's fundamental understanding that you will look at it and you will find it that Hinduism is not actually following their text. And you will see, you will see that in other religion also. You will not see, you will just see how the structure is developing for you.