How cycles are made in the first place?

In this world everything is a cycle. A cycle has phases and it has a flow that directs to each phaes. Each phase is a cycle itself and then the above cycle becomes a layer. So a cycle has a direction. Actual thing is, this is how we function. If the cycle solved the problem it intended to by every possibility inside that system, the cycle change it direction to another phase that was non existent in that cycle before. Means a perspective is there to tackle and that perspective becomes new phase. That phase is created in the directional flow of that cycle. That directional flow is actually a single state of action. Means single state of function of each cycle makes its functional singular flow. That automatically creates a direction. One phase at a time means it automatically a thin road that itself is a channel. So it runs inside one singular frequency channel. With this frequency continuity, the flow creates its attention mechanism. So attention itself is actually the simplified wording of a single state of action. Once its occupied the direction is locked, once its chanaged the direction is changed.

So the functional world is driven by cycles. No cycle, no function. But why this. In this way, because its a cyclic system, now everything is predictable. So the changes are predictable and manageable. So managing changes in the world is the goal here. But what about just changes without cyclic system? That would be a chaotic world, cause there wouldn't be a law that couldn't be broken. Cycles dont allow things to break out of law naturally. Special case would be for intentional enititties wouldn't evolve or wouldn't survive because there is no law or pattern to judge against.

Think about cycle when think about the existence. Everything in science should be about cycles and phases, to understand the actual reality. But it just figures out random things that you do not connect and always keep missing the point.

Surprising is categorization is a randomness, recommends the flow of prohibiting perspective creation, creating a unending flow or we can call a loop.