Also, a breakup is a confusing state. That's why human beings have so many problems with following the learning cycle, because naturally, a learning cycle is natural, yet if you are not aware of the learning cycle, you will create, normally, naturally, you will create a problem with your cycle. So all the thing is disorganizing your breakup system because, you see, you have a flow and you have a continuity, and you don't want to break it. You don't want to break it, but what happens? You are actually overstepping or skipping some phases. One of them is breakup. So a limit would always trigger a breakup. That's the fundamental thing. Now, every phase of the learning cycle should and must have a breakup, but they are so natural that you don't need to trigger them as intentionally or with as much awareness as you need in the actual learning technique phase where after you acknowledge it, you have to have a breakup. And in this phase, you must be aware of your breakup because if you do not stay away from the topics, resources that you are intentionally manipulating in the learning technique phase or even the school, the teacher, whatever the resources are there, you will have a weak learning. Why weak learning? Because your brain feels like, okay, there is more information coming. That means what I know is not enough, and now that makes the learning weak. The insight you develop becomes weak. For that reason, you've got a problem. You get less importance on your learning. When you get less importance on your learning, that becomes a very weak base of your next learning because your next learning is going to be weak. So now that's going to break the narrative of your learning, break the continuity of your learning. So what you can do is you just dismantle the breakup system. You keep more and more information. And that's it, like too much narrative kills the narrative. That's the theory that comes here because in the breakup phase, if you are exposed to more information, that is going to be a weak learning, and because of the weak learning, you're going to be troublesome. Your narrative is going to be broken. That's why it's a problem.

So this is the breakup phase in the breakup phase, people doesn't get to breakup very good way. Let's say they get more and more information and exposed to information on the topic more and more, and that, particularly, what happens is it makes the brain feel like, okay, this learning is really going to be weak, and the process is going to be really weak, and the importance is really low. So when the learning importance is low, the perception of the brain is that, okay, I am not gonna be doing it good, so I'm not believing the insight I'm getting. So if I'm not believing on the insight I'm getting, I'm not gonna be sharing it with people. I'm not gonna feel the urge to share it with people. I'm not gonna have a pride on the learning. When you don't have pride on the learning, you don't share it, and that's the breaking of the nether narrative. So the narrative is all broken there. So the continuity is stopped there. So what happens is that, let's say you pick another dominant topic and dominant desire that you start to learn now. Then what happens is that you actually ruin the breakup process again and again for many, many topics. What happens is you learn that, okay, I am not actually making good insights, so I'm not gonna believe on my insights anymore. What I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna outsource the insights from other people. And that's what people do, is that they now outsourcing the insights from other people, and they are becoming, what you call them, mentally paralyzed. So now what happens is that they cannot build new narratives because they cannot connect the dots, because they are the victim of escapism. Now they forget to connect dots to build new perspectives. And because when they connecting the dots, they cannot hear or listen to the intuition because they are already skipping them so far behind. So what happens is that they cannot build a new perspective, they are actually broken narrative people. And now they are perfect pawn for the control structure because control structure can now intentionally, emotionally manipulate, like emotional feelings and feel theory can give them instant acknowledgement. So instant acknowledgement means now they are learning. When they are learning and they are actually building their flow and character, and they're acting on those flows that are recommended by those, by their control structure. This way, these people are the perfect community for a control structure if the control structure requires that people who needs to be broken narrative.

All I'm saying is that it is completely escaping the intuition. You cannot help it. It's not partially escaping the intuition. Nobody is partially escaping the intuition. But if somebody is escaping the intuition partially, then they are learning technique face has a problem. So they would be first updating their learning technique face because how they are manipulating or reshaping the information they are getting in, they have to first reshape that first thing. Otherwise, that would be the first action for a person who has bad intuition from their learning, the generating power. So the good generating power is also a skill.