So, the desire structure that we have, the higher cycle or the highest cycle a human being has, that are really above our own understanding, that running us. So, desire is actual recommended for us that we are running on as an individual. And those desires are ourselves. So now, this desire decides that, okay, who is to click and who is not to click. It's an automated system, yet it knows who is to click and who is to not to click, because they are not manipulated easily, because to build a desire, you've got to go through the whole learning cycle, because it's the last phase in the learning cycle. That's why it is not easy to make a desire. Yet, you can, of course, you can make a desire by, okay, hard work, yes, but that hard work has to be pushed. So now, this is a question, a good question that I got from you, that, okay, okay, if, how do I know which is dominating as a main flow system doesn't have a single dominating, single main flow? It always calculating. So now, you said, okay, in the, it will not be acknowledged if something is trying to be dominant, because you are the intention, a perspective or a learning cannot overthrow you. But when it does, that's it, that human being has acknowledged some process to take over above his intention, and that's a problem. I think that's what I call in my system is a disorder. Then it can be a disorder, which is a terrible disorder. But other psychological disorders in my system is not disorder. They are disruption in the learning cycle. But can we go for another learning cycle, another phase in the learning cycle? Can we talk about another one?

Okay, desire is actually, no baby is coming on the world without a predefined desire set, which is the cycle of desire. And we are all inside the loop, inside the phases of the cycle of this desire. You cannot get out of it. That's why we are always acting, and many of our actions are already determined by higher recommended flow. So, the first thing the desire does is create a narrative. It's the narrative, the first narrative that clicks the desire and skips the thing that is not being desired. So, this way, the narrative is being continued and going towards the path that a person must be acting on. So, it is already some way, somewhat, predefined by the desires. Now, you can't ask me where the desire is coming from in the first place. Well, those desires are coming from, I have no idea. I don't know if anybody has, but logically, you cannot explain them, but you can expect that, okay, no structure is free. Every structure has, if the structure is intentional, by default, they get intentional desire. There are many, many desires. But desire is just a cycle. We are inside the cycle system. The universe is not single-handedly just giving us out of randomness. We are already part of many, many cycles, and those cycles are already running. And that's why you cannot just act a certain way, because your desire would not allow it. Okay?

Yeah, it's not too tough, you know. Unintentionalism is the thing that makes us, let's say, the awareness of desire. There is a desire engineering where you can reverse engineer your actions to see what are your desires. And if you can understand what are your desires, then, as you know, the learning cycle at the end creates desire. So this is also a two-way process. So you can reverse engineer your actions to see your desire, and you can also learn through and build your desire. Now, what happens is that, let's say you have predefined desires, you got to unlearn. Well, unintentionalism is the way. You can bypass, you can dismantle, you can go higher. And listen, every desire is a cycle, so it's a loop you're going through. All you've got to do is, you've got to get out of the cycle by being unintentional. And if you are being aware of all those cycles, then you are being unintentional. You are actually seeing through or you are dismantling, and now you are actively, intentionally going against or breaking your own desire. So this way, you can actually have freedom out of those cycles. So that's, that agency can come from unintentionalism, and unintentionalism means you are actually racing God, the actual creator.

Yeah, unintentionalism is actually a speculation and we have no idea what is holding beyond unintentionalism. But what we expect is that it's the same thing that is speculated intentionalism. So unintentionalism is not a mechanism, it's a speculation. But when you surrender to the unintentionalism, actualization happens. So I don't want to talk about it here because I have already talked about it in many places. What I want to do is I want you to pick another learning cycle and question about that.