Okay, you did not, okay, I'm gonna explain you flow engineering again. Flow engineering means some people can put you in a flow. It is not the inverse flow, it is about learning flow. The flow that you get after your intentional phase. Because people can make you fall in a flow and make use of it. And if they do that, that's flow engineering. So how people can do that? Okay, how people do that is that people make you believe in something. And when you believe that, your actions after that believing can be predicted. Because the provider already knows how people would act on this belief. So there is called this field theory that I call this feel good, feel bad, and feel weird. So there is a complex feeling also, but this is emotional feel theory. Now how is that if you feel good, you will instantly acknowledge it. So that's the acknowledgement theory is happening right the moment you feel good. So hormonal discharge is a acknowledgement, which is really internal acknowledgement. And what happens after acknowledgement, it becomes a unconscious learning process. And that unconscious learning process now gives you insight. Now if people are learning, then those insights are escaping. I mean, most of the people are the victim of escapism. They don't listen to the intuition. So what happens is they don't listen to that intuition yet. They follow the intuition some way in some crazy way that it becomes their character or it becomes their flow. So because this is becoming their learning flow, now it is in their character, so this is how people can fall in a flow, and this is called recommended flow. When somebody can make you fall in a flow, they can also know what are your actions in that flow, and they can use that action for their benefit. So that's what recommended flow and flow engineering is. But also, flow engineering can happen in a way that your actions, the continuity of your actions, are gonna be predicted continuously by a main flow system that continuously you can be pushed new and new perspective. So how perspective delivery works here? Let's say in a movie, actor is acting, and they are hitting some people, but they're hitting in a style. So you like the style, but what you do is you like the style, but you learn to hit people. And that's how you feel like, okay, why do I feel like I want to hit people in that style? It's because you are learning it from that movie. That's how emotional feel theory and your learning flow makes your recommended flow, and they can use it, okay? This is how flow engineering works.

The system, this model only explains the system, and this model has a lot of phases. So people, everything is inside flows. Nobody is out of recommended flows. You cannot be out of recommended flows. We are man of perspectives, we are inside perspectives, we are making perspectives. The whole thing is perspectives. The whole universe is a perspective. So it's just complex perspective game. You are not out of perspective, and you cannot be, so that's why I say it's a trading control. Every interaction is what we're doing is trading control with each other. And that control sometimes leads to believing, acknowledging, and the moment you do that, you go through learning cycle. And it depends how long you go through the cycle, it depends the learning. And when you resist, so there's a rejection and there's an acknowledgement. So you can reject things when you know that this kind of pattern is not what you want to acknowledge in yourself. Yet, just the thing, when you go in the market for the first time in your life and all you can be is being manipulated by all the people in the market, and you'll not win, but slowly you learn that, okay, I am being acknowledged and I am being used, my flows are being used. So, okay, let me walk through them, let me unlearn them, let me learn better quality. So that's the thing we go through because this is the suffering. This is the suffering thing going through because of this trading control system, we are trading control. We are either being submissive or being taking over. Now, there can be normal people who are not doing any of those, yet that's not the norm. That's not how the system works. Yet, maybe it is normal, it seems like, but no matter how micro you go, you'll always see trading control. There is no place where interaction and change happening and no control trading happening.

It's unintentionalism. It's unintentionalism is that till that till let you figure out actually whose perspective is actually the accurate one, who is not, and who is to reject and who is to acknowledge. And that's the game when people are in the awareness stress in the learning cycle, they would be able to do that. And that's why, that's why it's a long game.

