Yeah, so what I'm talking about is the learning philosophy that you are calling intuition. So I actually call it learning philosophy, which other processing happens, people get a philosophy. And that philosophy is the inside. But what happens to that philosophy? The first thing is that the philosophy has a lot of things going on with it. The first thing is that it first emerges as a fundamental feeling. So fundamental feelings are the actual understanding mechanism of a human being, below language, low level language, not the natural language we have, we use with the mouth and our brain, think in a language, but deep down there is a way of taking everything just from feelings. Like it's not emotional feeling, it's like you can see the feelings that this thing, this thing happening and the things that happening like that, you are just calculating things out of that language. So that's what I call fundamental feeling. So in that phase, in that level, you just know what is what. You just know it. You don't need to calculate it. So let's say what is happening here, now here that that understanding gets somewhere because the first, those fundamental feelings that gives us a understanding is not gonna be what actually you did in the learning technique phase. So you already felt like you lost some information. So then, the processing phase also creating a perspective and it feels like I'm not getting the whole perspective here. So that's also feel like you feel you get a feeling. So then, when you convert it to your thinking, now it's already changed a lot from actual fundamental understanding. So now you also feel bad that, okay, that's not the actual thing I learned, but how I'm making it a thought, it's not gonna be so accurate, but that's what it is. Okay, then you gotta make it a word to speak to people. Now that wording is actually a lot different that you're thinking. So when you have this problem, it is called this, I call the paradox of a genuine thinker. When you have intuition or insight or learning philosophy, you go through this problem. What happens is that this creates a huge impact on your honesty. So this is like, you feel like I'm not honest. So there is somebody is your honest thinker, have this kind of problem, and that makes them grow better. They go through more cycle, more loop, and somebody is not honest, their actions and their learning are not really that accurate. So what happens is that now people have the pride. First, they have a love for their insight because it's their brainchild. Now they have to share it to people. They have to, because we have the odds to share it to people because we have a learning pride. I call this learning pride. Learning pride means we need a pride. then without the pride, you will not be able to share it. So if the pride is too huge, then it's a status problem. Now it is a wrong thing. If the pride is making you a better person than another person, then it's a problem. If the pride is just making you share your learning, that's the perfect pride you need to keep going through. Now when you're sharing with other people, you will see all kinds of things happening there. People are not getting it. People are not understanding it. So that's what it is. You now have to really reshape your wording so that people understand it. Now when people understand it, you will have this problem, which is coming from the conflict structure that people are understanding it, now people are going to be better than you. So you've got to be careful that people are going to be better than you. You should be manipulating the information so that people don't understand it, but people know that you know it better. So this is the things we're going to go through with the interaction model comes from the philosophy. Now this philosophy keeps going and evolving, and we build more and more philosophy. So those are the secondary philosophy coming from this first philosophy. And Bloom's taxonomy is built on that, but I do not like it.

So, this is the fundamental of a control structure that you must be manipulating or you are actually being used by the system. So, the order is that the system requires that you must be inside a control structure, the whole thing is a control structure, your e-control structure, your building control structure, you're using control structure right now inside a control structure, all you do is take control. Now, if you really expose yourself, you are being vulnerable for attack by people who can use them to build a flow to recommend, use something or make you feel so that you can be controlled. Also, people can use your knowledge to enslave you, whatever kind of anxiety comes inside a person's brain is that because of this problem, because it's all manipulation. But that's why manipulation is so fundamental in the interaction level.