all predictability is something really interesting because predictability it means you are looking at randomness and you're building up a bubble network, which is the pattern you say. When you say pattern, it's actually a bubble network of things that you are already liking, that already your desire have a liking towards it. Now, that's why you're building a bubble network towards the thing. So you saw something new and it's in the probability system, and the probability system is complex and you cannot really predict what's going on. So what you do is you slowly build a network, bubble network, and you use the bubble network to actually build an idea or a perspective that could be really something positive. Why positive? Because positive predictability is a requirement for ongoing continuity of the system. So now that it's structured, it must be continuing. So if the structure needs to continue itself, it has to be doing everything so that it continues. And what it requires? It requires that continuity means it is a positive predictability. Now, let's say it faces some probability or some system, some structure that are saying that it's a negative predictability, that it cannot continue, may not continue, may face problem. So that's what anxiety is. So a system is facing an anxiety or a stress. Now what the system is going to do, the system is going to create some bubble network to understand, to create the pattern. So this is what predictability is, is positive predictability and negative predictability. Positive predictability creates the system, which is instant acknowledgment, but negative predictability creates anxiety going through a different learning cycle, which is not different actually, but same like learning cycle, but different phases of the learning cycle. This way, what happens is that all those things are going on, going on, going on, and we have a lot more, more lot more understanding of what's going on slowly because the network is building up. We're getting more and more things together. And this is why, let's say you want to build people's predictability, you actually give people a bubble network to like. Every engineering can be called like a bubble network, and a bubble network is actually growing the things for this engineering.